The two make love.
See Great Apostasy.
Sheep sound 3.
As one wrestler lost , another one entered.
Soon , they became best friends.
The boys make friends.
They have two children.
Fire begins to return.
That isn't true.
Telemachus gets home first.
Like many Javanese , Suharto had only one name.
Gaye had three children.
They have three children.
Little of his life and work is known today.
Many breeds of horse carry pinto patterns.
Three species live in fresh water rivers.
She decides to run away from home.
The sand here is fine and white with clean water.
If I can't get that sound I can't play anything . ''
Many Chinese men settled in black communities and in turn married black women.
Different instructions may take different amounts of time.
Many police officers carry clipboards.
To see a real time example , see.
Go ''.
The red head has two long black spines with clubbed ends.
The two men met in Rome in 1870.
This is a Bad Thing.
Sushun had one Empress and two Imperial children.
See http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.
Trains run every two minutes during peak periods.
Two drunken men see the light and walk over to take a closer look.
Well , see you later.
See also Fruit tree pollination.
See moment.
Instruction can take place in Afrikaans as well.
See Iowa.
I don't know any.
Albatross chicks take a long time to fledge.
US Alt.
Individual dogs may live well beyond the median of their breed.
The three men set off for the village.
Weismann is much admired today.
Gives 0.
Many school-aged children can learn a second language.
Zeshan is another similar name.
If any time we shall meet another Marooner that Man shall sign his Articles without the Consent of our Company , shall suffer such Punishment as the Captain and Company shall think fit.
The Great Nundle Dog Race , only open to working dogs , is run on the first Sunday in May and attracts many visitors.
A team of sled dogs may consist of anywhere from three to two dozen dogs.
The first two were Buddhist Rajputs and the last two Hindu Brahmins.
529 people were put out of work with three days ' notice.
She said without love , lust is like hunger of a caterpillar.
Ann rolls a 1 , and must end her turn without scoring.
Another early globe , the Hunt-Lenox Globe , ca.
The water should be completely changed every two weeks.
He doesn't just lie down and take abuse.
The children live with the mother for seven years.
Many Baba lovers work or live in the vicinity.
She performed it live on the album Black Gold.
The two men set off for Alcmene 's house.
Many people eat lunch while at work or school.
No one else can `` know our mind . ''
It can't be duplicated in my life . ''
New arrivals go to the back of the queue.
These are dome-shaped and look like stout little slugs.
A match consists of one set or three sets.
The first two sections are meant to represent life , the last two death and transfiguration.
Their tails may be from long.
It was nominated for Best Director , Best Picture , and Best Sound.
The Old Persian language is one of the two attested Old Iranian languages.
Season five follows two time lines.
Timmy goes back to save Martin.
Though he had many children , none of them would ever become emperor.
Trains generally run every fifteen minutes.
LeSieg and one as Rosetta Stone.
Where daylight saving time is used , `` standard time '' may refer to the time without daylight saving time.
Genet would never return to prison.
Then relief would come to Saul ; he would feel better , and the evil spirit would leave him . ''
There are also many great parks.
It organises Reading Day every year.
Good Night , and Good Luck.
His time abroad would last three years and cost his father $ 2,604.24.
Several detachments make up a company.
That 's what keeps us going.
By its end , two men simultaneously claimed to be the true pope.
Poorer children never went to school.
An individual may serve two terms.
Opeth performed three special shows in Europe with two song lists each - one acoustic set and one heavy set.
Locke never married nor had children.
Contemporary multimeters can measure many quantities.
However early in the last morning two separate groups of children complete it.
Like , man if I could just grow one , that would take care of a lot of problems . ''
Two has many properties in mathematics.
If nobody notices , nothing happens.
Nearly everybody and everything are ominous of good or evil to the Kavirondo.
If any Man shall offer to run away , or keep any Secret from the Company , he shall be marooned with one Bottle of Powder , one Bottle of Water , one small Arm , and Shot.
Thousands of boats go into the deep sea to fish and come back with tons of fish.
`` I had a great time in New York but couldn't wait to get back ''.
One day , when the pianist didn't arrive by show time , Basie took his place.
His libretti were set many times by many different composers.
Stephenie will have to go back to Ulong camp alone.
In a two out of three falls match , a wrestler must gain two decisions to win instead of only one.
Two and three are the only two consecutive prime numbers.
He was paid US$ 200 for two days ' work.
Little is known for certain of Josquin 's early life.
Like every economic activity , it has changed over time.
The company 's full name is Lidl Stiftung & Co..
The name furlong derives from the Old English words and.
Longfellow would live there for the remainder of his life.
This template takes three unnamed input parameters ; you must supply the first one , and the last two are optional.
The company enter the black forest of Mirkwood without Gandalf.
Rachel becomes the new Oracle and spouts another Great Prophecy.
Swiss cheese without eyes is known as `` blind . ''
This one may be useful in articles with many diagrams.
Hercules replies that Zeus could make it work that way.
Like many first-generation DMU classes , they never carried their 125xxx TOPS set numbers.
It began full operation two days after a ceremonial opening on 26 May 2006.
O mother mine , words from your lips Are like nectar to my ears.
Never a day goes by that I do not think of what happened then.
A second fire in 1494 was set by the sons of a hanged thief.
One of the largest festivals in Australia used to take place here every April.
Heat periods occur about every two weeks and last about 4 to 7 days.
Transportation of the first house from Old Adaminaby to New Adaminaby took six days.
One day in early 1997 , Van Der Beek auditioned for three television pilots.
A Life for the Tsar was the first of Glinka 's two great operas.
The instructions must name these values in order to distinguish them from one another.
They take around three to five years to mature , and may live as long as fifty years.
Members must speak the house language of French , but many also speak English and German as well.
On the other hand , it doesn't allow one to set how many digits must be shown after the decimal dot.
Which is true , in the sense that the black man should want to rob the white man of everything he has.
`` Two Cars in Every Garage and Three Eyes on Every Fish '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons second season.
The name Heimskringla was first used in the 17th century , derived from the first two words of one of the manuscripts.
Keating is `` a man who never could be , but doesn't know it '' . The one sincere thing in Keating 's life is his love for Catherine.
The name Proterozoic comes from the Greek `` earlier life ''.
Another name for this color is mallow.
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets sea water.
Three binary operations.
`` Won't Go Home Without You '' is the third single released from Maroon 5 's second album , It Won't Be Soon Before Long.
He used another pen name for novels.
Others live subtidally.
He gave everybody their letters from home.
This makes it easy to visualize how days and seasons change.
Maybe that makes me a bad actress.
He never conducted live in public again.
Judgments can be true or not true.
Many species of skippers look frustratingly alike.
He had three sisters and one brother.
On the first day after , Vulcan stared at this fire for hours on end.
In both one can see the geodesics.
Grapes include Kékfrankos for red wine and Traminer for white wine.
For the first time , Bahrain hosted the first Grand Prix.
The name Beloeil or Belœil is the name of two municipalities.
Another standard designation is `` Canon : Two in One '' , which means two voices in one canon.
See Emailing users.
Every band was doing that thing . ''
See for instructions.
It was front-page news for many days.
See also :.
For examples see.
Two is the first Mersenne prime exponent.
For his acting work he is credited under his full name.
Many creeks empty into it , but the most water comes from the Mint River.
It is very much like a glaive.
The lines wouldn't meet until 2003.
The work was first performed in 1983.
Don't wikilink.
Mukda was never forecast to make landfall.
It was the first time that two women co-anchored Weekend Update.
This template gives the Gregorian serial day.
See also Sustainability.
It is open weekday mornings without charge.
Today the company owns eight Desiro trains.
The time server may be a local network time server or an internet time server.
See computable number.
Today it is used by Old Catholics.
One man was injured due a tree falling on his car.
There are many types of door hinges.
The work is divided in three parts.
The same is true of many chitons.
It pushed water into the Pamlico Sound.
Then the two covenants go different ways.
We live with the consequences today . ''
It is considered his best poetic work.
Samaná has three airports and one harbor.
Grace was the first to give evidence.
One person drowned in a cellar in Fort Cobb , and another drowned in Kingfisher.
It is long with a tail of.
Mangrove trees live right in the water.
See modern designs.
The mouse dies.
Half points awarded.
COCPs should be taken at approximately the same time every day.
After another Tribal Council , things got worse for Ulong as they got lost in the dark on their way back to camp.
The US military government gives its approval.
The regatta is held every year in April for three days.
Another storm-related death took place in Seminole.
This made it relatively easy to breed from the birds that repeatedly found their way home over long distances.
The females give birth to live young.
The village maintains a full time police and fire rescue department.
See for reference.
To add another line , go here.
As they jump from tree to tree , tarsiers can catch even birds in motion.
Clipboards can be made of many things.
Because one man and one women would not be chosen due to the numbers , they would be eliminated.
He was one of Disney 's Nine Old Men , and the last to die.
Shelties love to run in wide-open areas.
I learned the name Maruzen for the first time through LEMON.
BootVis was used to measure boot time.
Lyrics are a set of words that make up a song.
Arteries are blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart.
See key strengthening.
Soon Neptune became the internationally accepted name.
Some of the topics include packing , the discovery of long-lost treasures , giving things away , and doing things one last time.
Every year in the first days of June , the Days of Chojnów are celebrated.
Pompeii was transformed into a much more public and open place.
Gilgamesh is described as two parts god and one part man.
It was the last time that solid gold medals were awarded ; modern medals are usually gold plated silver.
For two hours every day , at UTC 10:00 - 11:59 , there are actually three different days observed at the same time.
Bad Liebenwerda has a beautiful little park.
Never a Goth.
Unfortunately , she doesn't like discomfort.
One of the three was John Gregg.
The ears are very long and rounded.
Sartene wine is appreciated by wine connoisseurs for its good quality.
The full name thus became ` Kongl.
Lu and Lian Hsiang have two children.
Polish Flag Day was first observed on May 2 , 2004.
Most children throw the 1 kg discus.
Like other corvids , they may learn to mimic human speech.
This subtemplate gives.
A doe generally has one or two fawns at a time.
These additions may be new and untested.
See documentation there.
He is married and has three children.
There are 2 sports days every year.
Company in 1891.
See also Blossom.
Many ships and lives were reported lost.
Crocodiles eat fish , birds , mammals and occasionally smaller crocodiles.
This was the first time Europe had achieved three successive victories.
The second rebuilding took a long time.
In the first twenty minutes of a fawn 's life , the fawn begins to take its first steps.
See alto clef.
It was men like Dattatreya who helped to make this possible.
His mother was his first piano teacher.
I. Every Man Shall obey civil Command ; the Captain shall have one full Share and a half of all Prizes ; the Master , Carpenter , Boatswain and Gunner shall have one Share and quarter.
Blind and naked at birth , they open their eyes after about eighteen days , and are nursed until they are one month old.
In the 24-hour time notation , the day begins at midnight , 00:00 , and the last minute of the day begins at 23:59.
Her first independent production was Diamonds and Guns , a romantic comedy about two friends who go to Las Vegas to find true love.
Every stalactite begins with a single mineral-laden drop of water . When the drop falls , it leaves behind the thinnest ring of calcite.
Let comradeship and fervent hope With one voice make us pray Auspicium Melioris Aevi With God to guide the way.
The last two or three survivors face a jury historically comprising of at least the last seven players voted off.
His best day at the plate was on June 17 , when he hit two home runs and two doubles.
The novelist Matteo Bandello observed Leonardo at work and wrote that some days he would paint from dawn till dusk without stopping to eat , and then not paint for three or four days at a time.
In the Tokugawa era , every neighborhood had one or two soba establishments , many also serving sake , which functioned much like modern cafes where locals would casually drop by for an informal bite to eat.
Kayakers and canoers also take to the lagoon and one can often see scullers as well.
Superimposition of two correlated layers comprising parallel lines or curves may give rise line moiré patterns.
Futons must be aired in sunlight regularly , especially if not put away during the day.
A set may be neither closed nor open , either closed or open , or both.
There are also three new songs on the album : `` The Heart Never Lies '' , `` The Way You Make Me Feel '' and `` Don't Wake Me Up ''.
It was well east of Bermuda at the time and never would get close to land.
Megan Martha `` Meg '' White is an American drummer best known as one half of the Detroit rock duo The White Stripes , with her ex-husband Jack White.
See link to make sure you know what an international version is.
Let us live crowned with glory ... or swear to die gloriously.
Two men are killed , but one escapes and flees the woods.
Hear the noise of broken chains , see the noble Equality enthroned.
Today Multan is a combination of old and the new Pakistan culture.
The stadium went back to its old name , Arena da Baixada.
One way of visualizing optical depth is to think of a fog.
He then meets a girl who he thinks is his true love.
He that shall be guilty of Drunkenness in time of Engagement shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and Majority of the Company shall think fit.
Gestation is 21-30 days and 2-5 young are born at a time.
That is , the first one that is defined and not empty.
The two women soon develop a strong bond of love and friendship.
The Canadiens won the first half , and Toronto the second half.
A normal tennis game takes place between two of the three contestants.
Meowth loves round objects , as well as shiny , glittering things.
From 2008 it will take place for at least another 7 years.
Sled dogs are expected to demonstrate two major qualities in their work.
In 1994 for the first time two women were elected into government.
Take a look at the welcome page to learn more about Wikipedia.
`` Let It Go '' appeared on the Set It Off soundtrack.
Two sections of Lincoln Park Zoo have been set aside for children.
Without histones , the unwound DNA in chromosomes would be very long.
The first bison ever born in captivity was born in Lincoln Park.
To date , Bad Religion has released fourteen studio albums , two EPs , three compilation albums , one live recording , and two DVDs.
The club has only ever played one home fixture at another venue.
Admitting their guilt for all the war crimes would be one thing.
The place of birth is the place where a person was born.
He spent the rest of his life there , leaving three children.
Debt consolidation entails taking out one loan to pay off many others.
I can't think of any reason to mess with that . ''
Back at camp , Cirie went fishing and caught a sizable fish.
What 's more , I say he can make us all rich.
Niagara Falls is divided into the Horseshoe Falls and the American Falls.
Used with functions that have done new = abs and lost precision.
Lucas was born at Morwenstow and had two brothers and two sisters.
Its passage left about 79,000 people without power and 144,000 without water.
The new version featured a new look , and built-in 3D effects.
Smiles promote WikiLove and hopefully this one has made your day better.
Most jellyfish undergo two distinct life history stages during their life cycle.
Lee Jinki , born , better known by his stage name Onew.
The nature of these eyes means that if one were to peer into the pupil of an eye , one would see the same image that the organism would see , reflected back out.
At the high photon energies comparable to the electron rest energy of 511 keV , Compton scattering , another process , may take place , and above twice this pair production may take place.
Pyrgopolynices from Miles Gloriosus , in bragging about his long life , says he was born one day later than Jupiter.
`` One Fish , Two Fish , Blowfish , Blue Fish '' is the eleventh episode of The Simpsons second season.
I don't see the point of playing in a band and going just one way when you can do everything.
They 'd take one look at me and laugh and tell me to home before my mother noticed I was gone.
The name water bear comes from the way they walk , reminiscent of a bear 's gait.
Such events may be better placed on a.
Red Bull Racing is one of two Formula One teams owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull.
As in many families at the time , Wesley 's parents gave their children their early education.
Today is , and the current time is.
Oars have a flat blade at one end.
To grow well , sunflowers need full sun.
Its tail is also usually tipped with white.
The distances involved may be short or long.
It then goes back to the acoustic section.
Among other things , they eat Rafflesia fruit.
Every positive number x has two square roots.
One edition of his correspondence fills three volumes.
Infantilism may refer to one of the following.
Many plants and fungi reproduce asexually as well.
The tail may be naked or slightly haired.
The area has a long history going back to the time of Alexander the Great 's invasion.
Sumbawa lies within the Pacific Ring of Fire.
It may have markings or may be unmarked.
It drains much of the water of Pothohar.
Haydn took two years to complete the work.
The group gives Wales full access to and.
Butterflies on the other hand possess fine scales.
Household debt is the debt held by households.
The name has been applied to two municipalities.
It is one of the first such document.
Hercules says he can't go and the man says he has to because he is Hercules.
When all the earth 's fire begins to go out , Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold.
It has golden-brown fur and large black eyes.
It consists three trilogies and three additional books.
Hercules helps the refugees take back the city.
Muskrats spend much of their time in the water and are well suited for their semi-aquatic life , both in and out of water . Muskrats can swim under water for 12 to 17 minutes.
Each player begins the game with two bishops.
A white flag is a common symbol of surrender , as is the gesture of raising one 's hands empty and open above one 's head.
Innovation may refer to one of the following.
See the full selection of licensing templates available.
Gohar Shahi then married and had three children.
Modern roller coasters take on many different forms.
Sometime around 1515 Willaert first went to Rome.
The remaining three teams would complete the season.
Many protists take the form of single-celled flagellates.
However , on election day things had changed.
This guy didn't just come to play.
The name Weinfelden is first documented in 838.
A pair of mandibles lie inside the mouth.
His crown and face is violet and black.
At that time one white maggot comes out of the larvae , suspended by a silken thread.
They have two children , Stephie and Max.
Dee was married twice and had eight children.
Nine million people watch BBC Three every week.
The festival take place at Rockefeller Music Hall.
The second storm struck just three days later.
The two disc set includes songs from 1980-2005.
Raisin bread is a bread that contains raisins.
Sandwich is the home of the Sandwich Fair.
They have two children , Grace and Henry.
Trains run every 10 minutes to Woolwich Arsenal.
They had two children , Suzanne and Christopher.
The writer Karl May was born in Ernstthal.
They have a nine-month gestation period , and one or two fawns are born at a time.
My Bengal of Gold , I love you.
Early turbine examples are windmills and water wheels.
He also has a tail with a spiked end , as well as having three talon-like toes.
Altogether in Africa , two million speak Spanish.
For full season records see Oakland Athletics seasons.
Finally , I wish to speak directly to those who came to London today to take life.
Do not place it on every possible word.
Gauri has two children , Aryan and Suhana.
The practice of hanami is many centuries old.
Its tail feathers are iridescent blue-black with broad white tips on the outer two to three pairs.
The first 2009 Stock train entered passenger service on 21 July 2009 , and one new train will enter service every two weeks from early 2010.
Theremin invented another listening device called The Thing.
It was his first of two asteroid discoveries.
The first geyser they saw was Old Faithful.
He turns over and goes back to sleep.
To that end the Academy publishes two dictionaries.
There may be two subspecies of the Siamang.
The two groups have many characteristics in common.
They hear a noise and turn around to see that the monster is not dead , but has now grown two new heads in the place where the previous one was.
HTST pasteurised milk typically has a refrigerated shelf life of two to three weeks , whereas ultra pasteurised milk can last much longer when refrigerated , sometimes two to three months.
`` Nothing to Say '' features drop D tuning , which would become a signature of Soundgarden 's sound on later albums.
Chaplin received three Oscars in his lifetime : one for Best Original Score , one Honorary Award , and one Special Award.
In other words , half of the children of 1932 would be classified as having borderline mental retardation or worse during 1997.
More generally , one may require that flipping a fixed set of bits should change each output bit with probability one half.
Hearing dogs may be trained professionally in as little as three months , though many are trained for closer to a year.
Two sections of Lincoln Park Zoo have been set aside for children . The first is the Pritzker Family Children 's Zoo.
Along the way , Timon and Pumbaa meet for the first time and set out to find a `` dream home . ''
For more about the time zones of the U.S. and other time zones see time in the United States and time zone.
Many people have also come to know Leah 's little sister , Lucy who was born with spina bifida and cerebral palsy.
Every time one of these stories comes up , like , say , Michael Jackson , when it 's finally over I think , what a relief , now we can get back to real news.
Conversion is the transformation , or change , of one thing into another.
In actuality the Vézinas only had two children and Georges spoke broken English.
Three units were built , one two-car unit , and two four-car units.
A common year of 365 days has exactly 52 weeks and one day , so consequently the next new year is one day of the week later.
In those cases the rank of grand cross may come after another rank.
Live performances of `` Fell on Black Days '' can be found on the `` Black Hole Sun '' and `` Fell on Black Days '' singles.
Never forget that you take full responsibility for any action performed using Twinkle.
Kampen has one of the best preserved old town centres of the Netherlands.
The alternative name of `` Memorial Day '' was first used in 1882.
Izanagi retorts that a thousand and five hundred will be born every day.
Portions of words may be contracted , and many rules govern this process.
This is the first time anything has placed this well on The CW.
These features are available to both silver and gold members on Xbox Live.
Soon after returning from their reward , Cirie successfully built her first fire.
Trenchard is recognized today as one of the early advocates of strategic bombing.
Many states may only recognize another state if it is to their advantage.
These contain long hydrocarbon chains and a carboxylic acid group on one end.
There doesn't appear to be any way to make the period optional.
Western New Guinea is the western half of the island of New Guinea.
Another issue has been the nudity of children in front of other children.
It averages 4 feet long but may grow to be 6 feet long.
Due to the cold water , the tree has been rather well preserved.
During the time it was developed to the `` World Money Fair ''.
On the anterior end of the fish , there are two dorsal fins.
It would take another four years until his parents allowed him to quit.
Many of its early authors were the children of Jewish immigrants from Europe.
This template allows one to link one twinned town or city with another.
Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers , Jr.
Much like the tail , the claw in apes is no longer necessary.
Convection was also slow to build in , with little banding at first.
He also stated that he believed he wouldn't receive a fair trial.
Similar to other summer-themed events , Independence Day celebrations often take place outdoors.
The legend is that one day two hunters were chasing a wild boar.
His particular interest was bird behavior , especially the courtship of water birds.
It is like a person who can not walk without legs although he has eyes , and who can not see without eyes although he has legs.
The last Mamodo standing without their book burnt is the new Mamodo king.
They extend from the side of the mouth well back onto the shoulders.
These have to come last , so that special cases get treated first.
Learning that with great power comes great responsibility , Spider-Man becomes a vigilante.
Today , Hugo 's work continues to stimulate musicians to create new compositions.
Every artist or band comes up with their own recognizable sound and style.
Red Bull performed well , scoring 11 points after the first two events.
Sweet Children is the third EP released by punk rock band Green Day.
Many more open air sites are known such as that at Hengistbury Head.
At home , Tweed nurses Slade back to health while the dogs rest.
Note that svg icons only look somewhat bad in the old browsers , thus such hand optimisation is only worth the trouble for very widely used icons.
To do so , each day they offer the dragon at first a sheep , and if no sheep can be found , then a maiden must go instead of the sheep.
Although two newspapers reported Kelly 's last words as `` Such is life '' , another source , Kelly 's gaol warden , wrote in his diary that when Kelly was prompted to say his last words , the prisoner opened his mouth and mumbled something that he couldn't hear.
If the company uses proxy servers , this IP address may represent many users at many physical computers.
LEMON is featured in school textbooks ; there aren't many Japanese who don't know the story.
It was also the first season to feature an amputee and not one , but two open lesbians.
A good drop shot travels such that the opponent is unable to run fast enough to retrieve it.
His mother was half Indian , born to a Punjabi father Sardari Lal and an English mother Vera.
In recent years , Cadiz has become more of a place to work than a place to live.
`` Tomorrow Never Knows '' is the sixth single released by Mr. Children on November 10 , 1994.
His String Quintet for two violins , viola and two cellos is also considered a first rate work.
These templates work similarly to and , but they don't make the template name into a link.
The wood is easy to work and the grain is straight with long , clear sections without knots.
They choose to come to London , as so many have come before because they come to be free , they come to live the life they choose , they come to be able to be themselves.
Rise Against released their first two records on Fat Wreck Chords , and their next two on Geffen.
The region has much reddish sandstone , which may have given rise to the name `` Edom ''.
One month later , she claimed three gold medals at her first appearance at the Biathlon World Championships.
Also see time value of money for a more detailed description of how financial capital may be analyzed.
Brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater.
It covers roughly 545 million years and goes back to the time when diverse hard-shelled animals first appeared.
Payton was one of three children born to Edward Charles Payton and Alyne Payton in Columbia , Mississippi.
Kaltag has a week long Stick Dance Festival every two years that draws visitors from many neighboring villages.
Only one passage of Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by any one entity.
Lucretius used the word in the sense `` everything rolled into one , everything combined into one ''.
However , depending on the operating system , a context switch may also take place at this time.
Oat bread was first manufactured in England , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899.
The Cape May Bird Observatory was founded in 1975 in Cape May , New Jersey , United States.
Both men and women use physical attractiveness as a measure of how ` good ' another person is.
It was the last great work of Lange before he died , and his most famous book today.
Its name comes from the Spanish words for `` shrub '' and for `` little grape vine . ''
At that time , the law allowed the elder Dumas to take the child away from his mother.
During rush hours , trains run roughly every 90 seconds on most lines . At other times during the day , they run about every two to three and a half minutes , and every six to ten minutes late at night.
It features two new songs from Phil Collins and takes place during the song `` Son of Man '' from the first film.
He would make his head touch the floor and pray to her daily , and while dying he would pray throughout the day.
The Eurasian Wolf , also known as the Common Wolf , European Wolf and Carpathian Wolf is a subspecies of the Grey Wolf.
Hercules knows that humans can not survive without fire , and if he does not get the Torch back all life will die.
He went on to say that energy use would rise `` because there would be more lights on in the early morning . ''
Towards the end of his life , contemporaries considered him more of a children 's poet as many of his readers were children.
One of the few things that is known of Fuzûlî 's life during this time is how he arrived at his pen name.
V. That Man that shall strike another whilst these Articles are in force , shall receive Moses 's Law on the bare Back.
He started on Opening Day of the 1996 season as the starting shortstop and hit his first major-league home run on that day.
Many old Syrian American families have lost their linguistic traditions due to the fact that many parents do not teach their children Arabic.
In the last portion of the third chapter , Mahesvara alone is said to pervade reality and shine in every heart of man.
The couple had three children : Anna Christina , born 1983 , Philip Immanuel , born 1985 and Laura Helene , born 1986.
As the front pair wear down and drop out in pieces , the back pair shift forward and two new molars emerge in the back of the mouth.
For three days Juno sat fuming , still trapped in Vulcan 's chair , she couldn't sleep , she couldn't stretch , she couldn't eat.
The contestants were told that there were two immunity necklaces on the beach : one for the first man and one for the first woman to claim them.
Cenote water is often very clear , as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground , and therefore contains very little suspended particulate matter.
Their first choice for a name was `` Carnival Records , '' under which they released two singles before discovering another label had taken the Carnival name first.
You feel like fans have paid their money and they expect you to come out and play them your songs like the first time you ever played them.
When two monosaccharides undergo dehydration synthesis , water is produced , as two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom are lost from the two monosaccharides ' hydroxyl group.
That is to say , there is at least one whole day during which the sun does not set , and at least one whole day during which the sun does not rise.
The two men go inside to get a drink , Iolaus tells Hercules that he met a man who taught him some new moves that allow smaller men to overpower a bigger man.
Maybe I won't get hired in some things.
His name may refer to the scorpion goddess Serket.
Like , this one lets you know the date , time , and the amount of articles on Wikipedia.
He used a mixture of cow urine and water.
Simba shows Nala around his home and the two begin to fall in love.
Elections take place every three years , with one-third of the judges retiring each time , in order to ensure continuity within the court.
The Great Seal was first used publicly in 1782.
Pluto received every vote.
Early processor designs would carry out all of the steps above for one instruction before moving onto the next.
In 1987 , friends Billie Joe Armstrong and Mike Dirnt , 15 years old at the time , formed a band called Sweet Children.
Studies have shown that hallucinatory experiences take place worldwide.
I drink alone , for no friend is near.
This is done so that you may compare the old and new outputs side by side in the future.
He then went on to say that nothing good ever came out of Scranton.
Her mother is Ena.
The wing primaries and tail are strongly barred with black , sky-blue and white.
The first two conventions used German , and the last conference used only Volapük.
The natives believe they come down with the rain.
Sharks may get cancer.
Morena Baccarin auditioned for the role and two days later was on the set in her first television show.
This latter name comes from the kiwi - a brown flightless bird and New Zealand 's national symbol , and also a colloquial name for the New Zealand people.
Only one son , Anthonie , who was not home that day , survived.
For the first time , the players would be bidding for items as tribes.
See Namespace for the full list of namespace numbers.
Embedded systems control many devices in common use today.
Short eruptions can end in less than a day , but longer events can take several days to months.
The word pencil comes from the Latin word which means `` little tail ''.
A series of carnivals take place during the White Nights Festival in St. Petersburg.
Later , Rice-Oxley would give Chaplin after-school piano lessons.
It may have been the world 's third tallest building after the two Great Pyramids for its entire life.
Many manufacturers distinguish between decorative cosmetics and care cosmetics.
See municipalities of Chihuahua.
Lambert was married twice.
It tolerates drought well.
Most of them hadn't heard our songs and didn't care about them.
Most such accounts are soft-blocked , meaning a new account may be created while the old one is blocked.
Many early television networks evolved from earlier radio networks.
The first is the Pritzker Family Children 's Zoo.
They are best known for their hit singles `` Fire Water Burn '' and `` The Bad Touch ''.
All mammals go through the zygote stage of life.
The covers for the later Give Yourself Goosebumps series were done by Craig White.
She was born to Tatar father and Jewish mother.
They have brown bark.
Service dogs such as guide dogs , utility dogs , assistance dogs , hearing dogs , and psychological therapy dogs provide assistance to individuals with physical or mental disabilities.
For example , English speakers recognize that the words dog , dogs , and dog catcher are closely related.
Three of these nominations were for the first three films directed by Baz Luhrmann.
I just don't.
The album combines the band 's first two EPs : Screaming Life and Fopp.
Early photographers often depicted the nudity of women like the one we see here by Félix - Jacques Moulin.
His adventure begins one day when Professor Oak calls the two of them to his lab and gives them each a choice of Pokémon.
Its plumage is black.
The water should be bottled water , soft tap water with very little fluoride , or even water from a filtered , established aquarium.
One person drowned after driving into a retention pond.
Boxing Day is traditionally celebrated on 26 December , St. Stephen 's Day , the day after Christmas Day.
Bodies may be electrified in many other ways , as well as by friction.
Franklin Pierce , Jr. died three days after birth.
Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another.
See Old Shawneetown , Illinois for the historical village.
The two streams run through the estate , one of them the Glamis Burn.
This subtemplate is empty.
I think I do better when I sing . ''
It is the first game to star Mega Man and is the first of the original Mega Man series.
Ferrets under one year old are known as kits.
First Leicester is the trading name of Leicester Citybus Ltd. , a bus company owned by the First Group.
The Aon Center is the name of two buildings.
At first , Grendel 's mother appears to prevail.
New Super Mario Bros..
He put McMahon on a table and put a trashcan over McMahon 's head.
The orbital period is the time taken for a given object to make one complete orbit about another object.
Lemony Snicket came from a family of three children.
A good magnetic core material must have high permeability.
No man to talk of breaking up their way of living , till each had shared one thousand pounds.
Facing the Victoria Cougars , the Canadiens lost the series three games to one.
In the episode , Mr. Burns falls ill and desperately needs a blood transfusion.
Animals that live under human care are in captivity.
It is split horizontally into an upper red half and a lower black half.
The best of ECW-WCW is not good enough to hang with the WWF . ''
Empty Syntax For question or examples see the page.
The Live Oak is the State Tree of Georgia.
It is possibly like the Great Blizzard of 1993.
The name Kintore comes from the Gaelic , Ceann-an-torr.
However , most New World wolverines live in Canada.
Their first world tour took place in October 1998.
See also triple spiral.
Bryant never suspended Holt.
The 2nd century BC started the first day of 200 BC and ended the last day of 101 BC.
See for usage instructions.
His wish came true.
This template does nothing.
Show us the way to the next pretty boy to Show me the way to the next little girl.
Gillespie had two funerals.
They may have used fire to cook their meat.
It is played with black and white stones on a 15x15 intersection Go board.
Hestia is one of the three great goddesses of the first Olympian generation : Hestia , Demeter and Hera.
Before 1,000 Hours was released , the band dropped the name Sweet Children , according to Livermore this was done to avoid confusion with another local band Sweet Baby.
Warren Hastings was born at Churchill , Oxfordshire in 1732 to a poor father and a mother who died soon after he was born.
New Zealand and Portugal participated at the Winter Olympic Games for the first time.
The name of the company was Kilmarnock Corporation Tramways.
Cape May is at a crossroads for bird migration.
The new cell lines would use innovative screen-printing technology.
James Joyce noted that , `` He is never dull , never stupid , never tired , never pedantic , never theatrical ! ''.
Open proxies may be blocked on sight according to the policy on open proxies.
Gas is one of three classical states of matter.
Lie was born in Kristiania on 16 July 1896.
Let them be separated.
She had two sisters.
See municipalities of Nayarit.
An acre is an area that is one furlong long and one chain wide.
The First Fleet , of 11 ships , set sail on 13 May 1787.
It tracked slowly westward , and first showed signs of development two days later.
They can live for as long as five years.
Simone was born Eunice Kathleen Waymon in Tryon , North Carolina one of eight children in a poor family.
The full name of the dish is ratatouille niçoise.
The last two words of the name can also be found as `` Binladen '' or `` Binladin ''.
In England , Challis put forward the name Oceanus.
County play their home games at Meadow Lane in black and white striped shirts.
Many teenagers find their first employment in grocery stores.
Every full-grown man has a hut to himself , and one for each wife.
Circular slide rules come in two basic types , one with two cursors , and another with a movable disk and a single cursor.
This moth may be seen from May to August.
Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school a thousand miles from his old home.
It became one of the best known collections of consort music in his time.
Another band whose members saw the Ramones perform , The Damned , played their first show two days later.
They had no children.
Adhesives may come from either natural or synthetic sources.
Naomi Linnell was his partner for the last twenty three years of his life.
The nearby town of Feather Falls , California takes its name from the falls.
Zard did not sell their next two singles well.
Some like __ END __ might also have the desired effect of doing nothing.
12k has three sublabels.
Most American white men are trained to be fags.
She was one of only three holders of the title who never became queen.
In many countries , drowning is one of the leading causes of death for children under 12 years old.
A spin-off series of Hogan Knows Best called Brooke Knows Best premiered on July 13 , 2008 on VH1.
Two spaces are recommended.
The entrance is located on present day Place Denfert-Rochereau.
U.S. Route in New York
Very often an ecological yield in one place offsets an ecological load in another.
See for further details.
Morgan escaped without injuries.
They plan to go after hibernating , but Shade wishes to go right away.
We are like grain.
The title is based on the film Home Alone.
There is no discernible tail , but the tail membrane is long and broad.
Meg White was born in Grosse Pointe Farms , Michigan to Walter Hackett White , Jr. and Catherine White.
The top half of the disk is red , the bottom half is white.
Support for early IMSAI systems continues to this day.
Also goes by the name `` Mr. Gibbs ''.
Hydrofoils and motorized catamarans will make the trip in between two and three hours.
See also : Verifiability.
In the first episode Michelle has convinced one of her best friends , Cassie Ainsworth , to take friend Sid 's virginity , at her boyfriend Tony 's request.
Minagawa was 114 years 25 days at the time.
This was the first video Bad Religion ever released.
All the Teletubbies say `` Bye-Bye '' three times.
By default this template gives the serial for today.
Lumberjacks were exclusively men.
Stairway trails are another way to ascend higher slopes.
See WikiProject Music genres/Colours.
Installing Twinkle is easy.
Today , Curitiba is considered one of the best examples of urban planning worldwide.
The European honey bee or western honey bee is a species of honey bee.
Vultures are classified into two groups : Old World vultures and New World vultures.
This makes it acceptable to many Arians and Unitarians.
Hercules and Chiron are talking by the fire side and the fire goes out.
The Thoroughbred is a horse breed best known for its use in horse racing.
Currently , train stops about 1 p.m. every day.
The name was announced on May 1 , 1930.
Local scholars say that its original name was Ldumra.
Opal was the first O name to be retired.
In industry , both hot water and water heated to steam have many uses.
The Great Prince allows Bambi to go with them.
Microdon adults look more or less like typical flies.
Today the novel remains his most enduringly popular work.
Two of us played on four national championship teams.
Today , Arabian bloodlines are found in almost every modern breed of riding horse.
Like many characters in the Gothic tradition , his nerves dictate his true nature.
They do not speak.
Electrical engineering may or may not include electronic engineering.
Informal tent cities may be set up without authorization by homeless people or protesters.
It can make normal employment or family life impossible.
The infected mucosa of the mouth may appear inflamed.
The Kavirondo keep cattle , sheep , goats , fowls and a few dogs.
Now we are drunk , each goes their way.
Different forms of life may have appeared quasi-simultaneously in the early history of Earth.
The method compares words in a text to a set list of everyday words.
They have two children , Shane and Stephanie , who both work for WWE.
Most commercial fisheries do not want to catch Alaska plaice ; but many are caught by commercial trawlers trying to catch other bottom fish.
He has written three autobiographical books , This Life , and Life Beyond Measure - letters to my Great-Granddaughter.
Each of his parents was one of eight children.
The request line and headers must all end with.
The name comes from French , meaning Big Island.
Further problems soon arose.
Roads in the Valley today carry the names of the more prominent families like Mahlooks , Honey and Fosangs.
The genus name must be unique inside each kingdom.
Many chytrids are aquatic.
Some may exhibit mixotrophy.
The Last Olympian was released May 5 , 2009.
The word comes from the Latin nomen meaning name.
On the way home , Jess and Leslie learn that they are next-door neighbors.
He that shall be found Guilty of Cowardice in the time of engagements , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.
In other words , a Batesian mimic is a sheep in wolf 's clothing.
For general articles see.
See hiddenStructure \* /.
Lord Don't Slow Me Down is a rockumentary film , looking back on British band Oasis ' Don't Believe the Truth world tour which took place from May 2005 to March 2006.
As with many explorers , Tasman 's name has been honored in many ways.
I must make merry before the Spring is spent.
It has two other little river help one is Thadho and other is Sukhan.
He had his first lead role in Encino Man.
The rationals are a densely ordered set : between any two rationals , there sits another one , in fact infinitely many other ones.
Timothy returns as well.
At its basic level , MT performs simple substitution of words in one natural language for words in another.
They have two spots of concentrated sensor cells on their retina , one to look more forward , and one to look more backwards.
The name dates back to the taxonomic name of the first species described by Carolus Linnaeus , which he gave the name Caecilia tentaculata.
Make sure the soil is damp and well draining.
The band formed their own label and released a 3-disc live performance CD/DVD set , Our Live Album Is Better Than Your Live Album.
We never die because we are One with Nature.
See Wikipedia 's robots.
See the welcome page to learn more about Wikipedia.
Ueno Park is also home to many homeless people.
The new look won a prestigious Silver Award at the Promax/BDA Awards in 2006.
A notable type of promise is an election promise.
Most porcupines are about 25 - long , with an 8 - long tail.
Be open and welcoming.
For a list of institutions named after the Sacred Heart , see Sacred Heart.
He wishes that the portrait Basil is painting would grow old in his place.
Louis married three times.
Hugo 's early childhood was marked by great events.
At that time the old district became a division.
Food may sometimes make an appearance in the feces.
Today 's date is.
Reefs that didn't keep pace could become drowned reefs , covered by so much water that there was insufficient light for further survival.
See and current autoblocks.
It is one of Japan 's first class rivers.
Ratings success soon followed.
It reopened two years after the fire in 1911.
No one was recovered.
Some animals with true horns use them for cooling.
Pigeons can only go back to one `` mentally marked '' point that they have identified as their home.
While they may help in online navigation , they wouldn't be of much use in a hard-copy book.
When IE better supports PNGs , we can swap the better format back in.
You don't have to change that one anymore.
Many have colorful patterns.
However , for two days every year , through trains were run from London , terminating at North Weald.
He lasted three days longer than he did on.
Brion was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey.
Vince tackled Shane over the announce table and the two began pummeling one another.
After this the fountain begins to boil and begins dissolving everything in the cave.
Must not be wikilinked.
The remaining man escapes.
Nothing else is known of his life or reign.
The two brothers were released on the following day.
An alternative interpretation of unvorsum is `` everything rotated as one '' or `` everything rotated by one ''.
Everything will be okay.
Her first novel was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.
Three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river.
SP42 goes through it.
But many words are chosen for the intended purpose.
Coal was discovered on Black Jack Hill in 1877.
Her duty is to begin the May Day celebrations.
Analysts estimate that the F-Series alone makes up half of the Ford Motor Company 's profits in recent years.
The head is also striped with yellow and black.
Its full name is the Beaufort Wind Force Scale.
Another long time producer of hot air balloons is Head Balloons , Inc. , located in Helen , Georgia.
This template works almost exactly like , see there.
The sugar is sold under the Silver Spoon name.
Oliwa stayed at that intensity for over two days.
Clunes held its first booktown on 20 May 2007.
Ven Conmigo was the group 's first Gold album.
The publication is much like the Klagspiegel of 1436.
Early in the show 's run , the celebrities would indeed have a secret.
It is one of the five rivers which gives the Punjab region its name.
Then they come across a forest where live the `` simple thing '' aliens.
See the documentation on.
This film received three Academy Award nominations for Best Sound , Best Song for `` Love Is a Song '' and Original Music Score.
He knew then he wanted to make music his career and way of life.
For units see :.
The zone is one hour ahead of the Pacific Time Zone and one hour behind the Central Time Zone.
Knappertsbusch was born in Elberfeld , today 's Wuppertal.
The two had one daughter ; Lady Mary Tudor.
Some versions say Artemis helped her mother give birth to Apollo for nine days . Another variation states that Artemis was born one day before Apollo , on the island of Ortygia and that she helped Leto cross the sea to Delos the next day to give birth to Apollo.
The old skin breaks near the mouth and the snake wriggles out , aided by rubbing against rough surfaces . In many cases the cast skin peels backward over the body from head to tail in one piece , like pulling a sock off inside-out.
Breaking one 's leg is not a good thing to hope for - therefore - by some superstition - if `` good luck '' causes bad luck , then the perceived bad luck of breaking one 's leg causes good.
When the judge uttered the customary words `` May God have mercy on your soul '' , Kelly replied `` I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go ''.
By definition , there is no possible way for anything in one universe to affect another ; if two `` universes '' could affect one another , they would be part of a single universe.
I. The Captain is to have two full Shares ; the Master is to have one Share and one Half ; The Doctor , Mate , Gunner and Boatswain , one Share and one Quarter.
He tells Hera that if he or Hippolyta have to die then he will give up his life for her , saying he couldn't live his life without her.
If his condition is believed to be true , what he hears at the end of the story may not be the old man 's heart but death watch beetles.
The Great Egret , also known as the Great White Egret or Common Egret or Great White Heron , and called kōtuku in New Zealand , is a large egret.
Since the discovery of his `` Letter to the Alexandrians '' in the last century , much work has been done to rehabilitate Claudius and determine where the truth lies.
New Year 's Eve or Old Year 's Night is on 31 December , the final day of the Gregorian year , and the day before New Year 's Day.
However , this first disease-specific therapy offers hope that the progression of ALS may one day be slowed by new medications or combinations of drugs.
The following day , Hercules is working in the stables and sees something flit past the door , he goes to look but sees nothing.
In countries like Iceland and New Zealand , and other volcanic regions , water heating may be done using geothermal heating , rather than combustion.
He was one of the first NHL goaltenders to catch the puck with his hand to make a save , and helped popularize the technique.
A seesaw is a long , narrow board pivoted in the middle so that , as one end goes up , the other goes down.
Care must be taken not to name a universal template with a name that would be an awkward or peculiar word in the other languages.
He asks but one thing in return for his service : she is never to ask him his name or where he has come from.
The moves that one Pokémon may learn are different from another depending on the species of Pokémon ; even those that evolve from others do not necessarily learn all the same moves that their predecessors learn . Each Pokémon may only know a total of four moves at any one time.
The liberum veto and all the old abuses of the last one and a half centuries were guaranteed as unalterable parts of this new constitution.
It is typically a sweet red wine , often served as a dessert wine , and comes in dry , semi-dry , and white varieties.
Spatulas have a handle that is long enough to keep the holder 's hand away from what is being lifted , flipped , or scraped.
Some metal leaf may look like gold leaf but not contain any real gold . This metal leaf is often referred to as imitation leaf.
Old turbine runners may have a significant amount of stainless steel added this way by the end of their lifetime.
With the man dead the man who first made the challenge gives Hercules a peacock feather , Hera 's symbol.
He has founded and run two airlines and was manager of the Jaguar Formula One racing team for two years.
Eating one bowl of tteokguk in the morning of New Year 's Day means that you get one year older.
He is considered one of the first exponents of utilitarianism , and one of the first modern proponents of anarchism.
They must be encased to contain the water pressure , or they must be fully submerged in the water flow.
In all albatross species , both parents incubate the egg in stints that last between one day and three weeks.
His first two studio albums , Room for Squares and Heavier Things , did well commercially , achieving multi-platinum status.
Care must be taken when the base , x , is found in more than one place on its scale.
Henry Ford was 40 years old when he founded the Ford Motor Company , which would go on to become one of the world 's largest and most profitable companies , as well as being one to survive the Great Depression.
A Front-Cover Text may be at most 5 words , and a Back-Cover Text may be at most 25 words.
A common way that these are depicted in a single scene is with one woman and two men performing together.
In the diagram to the left , the white pawn may capture either the black rook or the black knight.
White is regarded by many as England 's first ecologist and one of the founders of modern respect for nature.
Many mosques today will put the women behind a barrier or partition or in another room against most Islamic beliefs.
Today , the stadium has an unbalanced look about it , with one large stand contrasting with three smaller stands.
The big bosses of the town know that he 's back ... A lot of bad things start happening . ''
The lower class of society would go to a place called `` hel '' , similar to life on earth.
A man named Jonas Yerks is believed to have been the first man to make tomato ketchup a national phenomenon.
Its name is derived from ` Replacement Parts Company ' , referring to one of its major lines of work.
Consensus can only work among reasonable editors who make a good faith effort to work together in a civil manner.
The door which leads to the counter has two knobs , one on the right and one on the left.
Very little is known of Dowland 's early life , but it is generally thought he was born in London.
The Free Software Foundation may publish new , revised versions of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time.
That Man shall not keep his Arms clean , fit for an Engagement , or neglect his Business , shall be cut off from his Share , and suffer such other Punishment as the Captain and the Company shall think fit.
The album was recorded over the course of two days in 2006 at Sear Sound Recording Studios in New York.
Three of its number 1 hits , `` End of the Road '' , `` I 'll Make Love to You '' , and `` One Sweet Day '' , set and exceeded records for the longest period of time a single remained scored at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 ; `` One Sweet Day '' still holds the record.
Many people in developed countries first hear about UNICEF 's work through the activities of 36 National Committees for UNICEF.
His time at college changed his life : `` It changed what I believe and what I think about everything.
The trade name Simplex was used from the early days ; in 1972 the company was renamed Simplex Mechanical Handling Ltd.
In their center must be noticeable the specific pellet like structure which is the real seed without the fine coat.
Jinnah would receive personal care and support as he became more ill during this time from his sister Fatima Jinnah.
Lisa , upon seeing what Homer must go through to pay for the pony , decides to give it away.
It means that , as seen from some place , two celestial bodies appear near one another in the sky.
The long-beaked echidnas make up one of the two genera of echidnas , spiny monotremes that lives in New Guinea.
To make things worse , their flint is still underwater after their boat capsized while paddling to their new beach.
Quickies can be `` a major turn-on '' but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally.
As a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with Hearst Corporation , Mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be Mandriva , and that Mandriva Linux would be the new name covering products.
The four Gospels included in the New Testament have little to say about Mary Magdalene.
The first storm formed on May 25 and the last storm dissipated on November 3.
Jenna M. quit the game on day 9 to return home to her dying mother.
`` Can't Stop This Thing We Started '' is a song by Bryan Adams.
Bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography , which typically depicts one man and two women.
For this reason , a message intended for one person may be received by another.
During these early times the business heart of the town was centred on Nelson Place.
They are often included as utilities on many live CD distributions to make partitioning easier.
It had also appeared on their album Good News for People Who Love Bad News.
True biennials flower only once , while many perennials will flower every year once mature.
Indiana 's work often consists of bold , simple , iconic images , especially numbers and short words like EAT , HUG , and , his best known example , LOVE.
One Hundred and One Dalmatians was first released to theaters on January 25 , 1961.
The first suggestion for a name came from Galle , who proposed the name Janus.
At this time he was better known as an opera conductor than an orchestral one.
It was recorded live at four different comedy clubs in New York and New Jersey.
She returned to the Singles Chart in May 2000 with a new , sexier sound.
Gresham 's law is commonly stated : `` Bad money drives out good '' , but more accurately stated : `` Bad money drives out good under legal tender laws ''.
An experienced flintknapper needs less than 15 minutes to produce a good quality hand axe.
It is one of many International observances declared for specific days , months and years.
From 2001 to 2005 , Gonzales served in the Bush Administration as White House Counsel.
Valvular heart disease is disease process that affects one or more valves of the heart.
I felt uncomfortable , and besides , girls didn't go in those days . ''
Two is the smallest and the first prime number , and the only even one.
In the end , Xue and his subordinates managed to keep most of their gold.
Due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest.
Most time zone abbreviations as well as a large number of place names are recognized.
At the end of Yom Kippur , one considers one 's self absolved by God.
Jenna Morasca , fearing for her mother 's health , decided to drop out , returning to her mother 's side ; her mother passed away eight days later from cancer.
Vulcan was among the gods placated after the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64.
Among the translations was another children 's book , Bambi 's Children by Felix Salten.
The Black-capped Chickadee has a black cap and bib with white sides to the face.
The town was home to Victoria 's first registered gold discovery made by James Esmond.
This may mean the head voice of a woman is a man 's falsetto equivalent.
Sometimes the term first language is used for the language that the speaker speaks best.
If time zone information is specified , the otherwise optional timezone parameter must be set.
In astrophysics , a white hole is the hypothetical time reversal of a black hole.
The two remained lifelong friends and Monet later paid tribute to Boudin 's early influence.
His school would thus produce several such great writers of Chinese composition at that time.
The first recorded use of silver as a color name in English was in 1481.
Two days later , on Christmas Day 800 , Leo crowned Charlemagne as Roman emperor.
Guide dogs are assistance dogs trained to lead blind and vision impaired people around obstacles.
It takes up to three parameters and returns the first one that has any content.
Psychologists argue that judgments are true because they become `` evidently '' true to us.
Tommy who loves collecting needs ten dollars to buy a magic marble from another boy.
Every sentence must contain formal words to designate what Husserl calls `` formal categories ''.
In the general case , different execution threads communicate with one another as they work.
Mansions had many chimneys for the many fireplaces required to keep the vast rooms warm.
Ryōtei are typically a place where high-level business or political meetings can take place discreetly.
He expressed this in Rolling Stone magazine as well as in his autobiography My Life.
Mating takes place in the afternoon to early evening , and egg-laying begins at night.
They made only one stop on the way , at the Cape of Good Hope.
Its face is marked with white and gray , with dark rings around its eyes.
The history of Polish powiats goes back to the second half of the 14th century.
In the south lies the desert through which Alexander the Great passed with great difficulty.
`` Give me the place to stand , and I shall move the earth . ''
Take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to this encyclopedia.
Wofford 's colors are old gold and black . The school mascot is the Terrier.
The eastern half of the state lies in the rain shadow of the Wasatch Mountains.
George Canning 's friendship with Sheridan would last for the remainder of Sheridan 's life.
Well , if you 're watching , don't worry , there isn't ''.
After rolling back an edit , automatically open the contributions of the user rolled back.
I was actually born between the two , so no one really is correct . ''
The most common belly to back variants are the German suplex and the back suplex.
Samarkand has been one of the main centres of Persian civilization from its early days.
The two became good friends and later recorded demo tracks with others from the school.
Memorial Day is a United States federal holiday observed on the last Monday of May.
In this scenario , it may be easy to make claims about conflict of interest.
41 pupils , two teachers , a mother and two railway staff were killed nonetheless.
The sautier observes the tree and notes the day of arrival of the first bud.
Both at one time handled passengers and general goods , as well as sugar cane.
First and third place finishers traditionally receive a gold medal and bronze medal , respectively.
When he was 8 years old he ran away from home to join the army.
From time to time , individuals may be admitted to the Order by special statutes.
After the initial deal , the first of what may be several betting rounds begins.
In recent years , Nidwalden is becoming an increasingly popular place to live and work.
Nord-Ouest is one of the ten departments of Haiti as well as the northernmost one.
Dan says `` the old salts say you can set your watch by it . ''
In the introduction to his collected Persian poems , he says : `` In the early days when I was just beginning to write poetry , every few days I would set my heart on a particular pen name and then after a time change it for another because someone showed up who shared the same name ''.
In large cities , however , because many make demands on each trade , one alone is enough to support a man , and often less than one : for instance one man makes shoes for men , another for women , there are places even where one man earns a living just by mending shoes , another by cutting them out , another just by sewing the uppers together , while there is another who performs none of these operations but assembles the parts , Of necessity , he who pursues a very specialised task will do it best . ''
Each player then has to divide his cards into three poker hands : two containing five cards each , and one containing three cards ; the back must be the highest ranking hand , and the front , the lowest ranking hand.
The back hand is placed face down on the table in front of the player , then the middle hand is placed face down in front of the back hand , and the front hand is placed face down in front of the middle hand . After all the players have set their hands , each player will announce in turn whether or not he is playing his hand.
The school advertised on the last page is the one he set up in Ashbourne , Derbyshire for their two illegitimate children , Susanna and Mary.
Wattles have been extensively introduced into New Zealand and are regarded by many New Zealanders as one of the most typical features of their home landscape.
Great Neck South is one of three high schools in the Great Neck School District , which includes Great Neck North High School and Village School.
A particular aircraft may fly several different flights in one day , and different aircraft may be used for the same flight number on successive days.
It has a subdorsal row of white spots ringed with black , a spiracular silver line with black edges , and six rows of black spines.
They infer intuitively that dog is to dogs as cat is to cats ; similarly , dog is to dog catcher as dish is to dishwasher.
Greenwich Mean Time was at one time based on the time observations made at the Royal Greenwich Observatory , before being superseded by Coordinated Universal Time.
Ronno 's mother eventually calls Ronno away , and Bambi is left alone to sleep under a tree and wait for the Great Prince to return.
As noted , the formal time limit on questioning was removed early in the show 's run , and time limits were set more for entertainment.
Spears lost physical custody of her children to Federline on October 1 , with the court ruling that Federline will keep full custody of the children.
Some members of the Classic Squad would eventually become part of the current LNH incarnation like Old Comics Man , Golden Man , and Kid Yesterdaze.
A major Canadian piano and organ and reed organ company operated under the name of Woodstock Organ Company for many years of the early twentieth century.
The holidays included Washington 's Birthday , now celebrated as Presidents ' Day ; Veterans Day and Memorial Day . The change moved Memorial Day from its traditional May 30 date to the last Monday in May.
However , it did not sell anything : instead , Emily would find lost and broken things and display them in the window of the shop , so their owners could one day come and collect them.
The name comes from the Greek term gymnos meaning naked.
Westerners may face significant obstacles in obtaining saffron from India.
Women eat apart and only after the men have finished.
He is known as a good friend of Kofi Annan.
After many hours , Janu created fire and danced joyously.
He also rode in the Vuelta a España for the first time , collecting two stage victories and 33rd place overall.
The first one is spiny and the second is soft.
Bold Jack Donahue is recorded as the last convict bushranger.
The young are born hairless , and helpless , and their eyes do not open until about eighteen days after birth.
Furthermore , half of the opera takes place in a historical setting , and half takes place in the mythological Venusberg.
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20.
They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life.
His first work , the Bauernspiegel , appeared in 1837.
A time bomb is an improvised explosive device with a timer which may be set to detonate at any given time.
In Day 1 , many of the Nakúm men were sick after the hike , and had a tough time recovering.
It was followed by Xenocide and Children of the Mind.
Descriptions were last updated in May 2003 to enhance uniformity.
The following day the women are still with the men.
He was the first of three children born to biochemists Arthur Kornberg and his wife , Sylvy , who worked together.
The highest point of the county is White Horse Hill , in the Vale of White Horse , reaching 261 metres.
The Old Norse form of the name was probably Arnardalr.
Everman appeared in Soundgarden 's Louder Than Live home video.
Kabuki theaters were a place to see and be seen.
Much of the water carried by these streams is diverted.
The Northern Red Oak is the provincial tree of Prince Edward Island , as well as the state tree of New Jersey . The Live Oak is the State Tree of Georgia.
The Temple of Artemis housed many fine works of art.
In 2004 campaigners behind the bid expressed disappointment that nothing had been done to take the plans forward in two years.
The black larva is banded with white and yellow stripes.
Silver-plate gives a clearer , brighter sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need clarity and projection.
The British Library adds some three million items every year.
Use to get `` U.S. '' will give `` U.S. '' if spelling is set to US & `` US '' otherwise
During the next two centuries it was burnt down twice.
Approximately 375 million people speak English as their first language.
In `` The Tell-Tale Heart , '' the old man represents the scientific rational mind while the narrator is the imaginative.
Sawing was slow , and required strong and hearty men.
Concrete is reinforced to give it extra tensile strength ; without reinforcement , many concrete buildings would not have been possible.
The early settlers were American immigrants from New York state.
Not every conjecture ends up being proven true or false.
It weakened to a depression for the second and final time August 15 and lost tropical characteristics early the next day.
Hard water is generally not harmful to one 's health.
Edward I of England required that every town have one.
Nobody would have dreamed of calling himself an atheist . ''
Children are sold into the global sex trade every year.
This tree is directly released as a new stable version.
The name roughly translates to Saint Mary beyond the Water.
The World Money Fair is an international bourse of coins.
Tin Machine released two studio albums and a live record.
What many would call string instruments are classified as chordophones.
For instance , an LC may flow like a liquid , but its molecules may be oriented in a crystal-like way.
There may , or may not , be sex chromosomes.
The template produces one row in a family tree table.
Kinetic energy can be passed from one object to another.
The name Death 's - head Hawkmoth refers to any one of the three species of moth in the genus Acherontia.
The `` Tn '' name is short for Template name.
His best known work was the opera The Immortal Hour.
One interesting twist is the Sambia tribe of New Guinea.
A chordophone is any musical instrument which makes sound by way of a vibrating string or strings stretched between two points.
This has never been done in human history before . ''
Specifically , it is Mountain Standard Time when observing standard time , and Mountain Daylight Time when observing daylight saving time.
`` Friend Like That '' is the first single from Hawk Nelson 's third album , Hawk Nelson Is My Friend.
Many of the refugees were subsequently accepted by New Zealand.
The other half of the Earth is the water hemisphere.
Mead is often referred to as `` honey wine . ''
Liebenwerda had a Water castle with a Keep called Lubwarttower.
Foundation is a foundation for children with and without disabilities.
The Mexican Wolf is a subspecies of the Gray Wolf.
In later life , Leonardo only recorded two childhood incidents.
There are many five-dollar coins , of aluminium/bronze and bi-metal , and many silver and gold bullion coins in higher denominations.
Many boats were also lost as a result of Jose.
Dances and music to celebrate Radames ' victory take place.
His book is the standard reference work for antique silver.
She and Dudevant had two children : Maurice and Solange.
The name Kameyama comes from the location of his tomb.
Thus one may refer to `` three cattle '' or `` some cattle '' , but not `` one cattle ''.
Her mother died when she was still a little girl.
That company formed Spin Media LLC as a holding company.
A lucid dream can begin in one of three ways.
Three quarters of the planet Earth is covered by water.
In windmills wind energy is used to turn mechanical machinery to do physical work , like crushing grain or pumping water.
The breeding program produced 76 kittens in the first three years - 42 with folded ears and 34 with straight ears.
Uploaded files will be stored as long as the user logs-in into his/her account at least once every 60 days or at least one of the files is downloaded every 30 days.
Jesus already knew that Peter would deny him three times.
When he says he may as well die as suffer the torments of his rejected love , Ilia confesses her love.
They have two children : Harry Theodor , born in June 2002 and Vera , born on January 1 , 2005.
Goniatitina is one of two suborders of the Goniatitida order.
Quolls live both in forests and in open valley land.
Lentils are one of the best vegetable sources of iron.
To date , Social Distortion has released six full-length studio albums , two compilations , one live album and two DVDs.
He soon left the London Missionary Society , convinced that God would provide for his needs as he did Christian work.
Mike Scully noted that Flanders is `` everything Homer would love to be , although he 'll never admit it ''.
It comes in many colors , both solid and patterned.
Many other places have important Mardi Gras celebrations as well.
Some of the museums collections were lost in the fire.
Black tea has a longer shelf life than green tea.
Kim Kibum , born , better known by his stage name Key , is one of the rappers in the group.
The team suggested the name lawrencium for the new element.
Often they are ordinary New Latin words , but they may also come from Ancient Greek , from a place , from a person , a name from the local language etc..
Also , new streets were paved and new facilities opened.
Manual ticket inspections do , however , regularly take place.
They had one daughter , Pascale , born in 1932.
The is the most prestigious horse race run in Japan.
The ducks appear one or two at a time , and the player is given three shots to shoot them down.
The bill , legs , and eyes are all black.
The last passenger service was on May 28 , 1977.
The keepers ' cottages are today let as holiday houses.
It was never an issue of harm in human consumption.
Pocket Man married Organic Lass in the first LNH wedding.
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961.
Its name is Earthlings : Ugly Bags of Mostly Water.
The first was the creation of life from inorganic matter.
They didn't give any thought to the fact that once he 'd done that he might turn on his creators.
The county boundaries of England have changed little over time.
He is best known for his epic poem Paradise Lost.
One day he asks if she had any such experience.
Christian Identity is another movement closely tied to white supremacy.
They have two components : a shaft and a head.
It is set apart by its black and ivory coloration.
The band would make up the dates later in 1995.
She performed three of the concerts and canceled the last.
Some sources incorrectly give his name as Olin Jenck Eggen.
The tribes merged into one and took the name Xhakúm.
A new character , Damas , is first introduced here.
The spice , cinnamon is bark from a tree trunk.
An iwan is defined as a vaulted hall or space , walled on three sides , with one end entirely open.
Only one crochet hook is needed to make crochet stitches.
That company quickly evolved into the Independent Moving Pictures Company.
Three men are walking through the woods , they hear strange noises and catch glimpses of something moving in the undergrowth.
Her mother Mary Fairlee Cooper was a New York socialite.
Soon after the loss the feud between the two ended.
Priscilla Cooper was born in New York City in 1816.
A man 's property is divided equally among his children.
It is one of the New Seven Wonders of the world , and one of three World Heritage Sites in Agra.
The man was about 70 at the time of death.
Several of the levels take place near the North Pole.
One and a half million pilgrims visit Knock Shrine annually.
Sopron is a significant wine producing region , one of the few in Hungary to make both red and white wines.
It has curled head feathering and twisted central tail feathers.
Because in reality , I don't like strip clubs.
The name is western Greenlandic and means '' white ''.
The two men then arrive , dressed as mustachioed Albanians.
Osteichthyes , also called bony fish , are a taxonomic group of fish that includes the ray-finned fish and lobe-finned fish.
When defined this way , there are two possible remainders.
One man near Lemon City was killed by falling timber.
She is best known for her first novel Rubyfruit Jungle.
Children have drowned in wading pools and even bath tubs.
Much of his work is recognized for its melody-like musicality.
Coyotes appear better able than wolves to live among people.
The last two cores introduced specific artwork that defined them.
I do not give to you as the world gives.
There are three extant and three fossil genera currently recognized.
Eastern European Time is one of the names of UTC +2 time zone , 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time.
See the `` See also '' section below for links.
Protists live in almost any environment that contains liquid water.
The talons are very important ; without them , most birds of prey would not be able to catch their food.
Public buildings and spaces would come to dominate the city.
A & C Black is a British book publishing company.
I hope you like the place and decide to stay.
Current head Jean-Christophe Napoléon is ironically from a Bourbon mother.
In 1932 , her mother died from a heart attack.
Rollback must , therefore , always be used with care.
Wales has been married twice , and has one child.
This would provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes.
Waxing can pull small pieces of skin off the body.
The original name was at first ` Medico-Chirurgiska Institutet '.
The Great Barrier Reef Committee was set up in 1922 which carried out much of the early research on the reef.
With this new alliance , Abyss soon feuded with Raven.
They form a large sweet fruit with a thin skin.
Jules is married to Jacqueline Longa , with two children.
Most kennels will not board dogs without proof of vaccination.
Adams has been nominated three times but has never won.
The books describe village life through the seasons of the year , but for the plays Dewhurst selected just two days : the first day of harvest for Lark Rise and the first hunt meet of the new year , a winter 's day in January , for Candleford.
According to Asus , the name Eee derives from `` the three Es , '' an abbreviation of its advertising slogan for the device : `` Easy to learn , Easy to work , Easy to play ''.
It is best known for its spectacular skill at hunting birds , able to snatch a bird in flight , sometimes more than one at a time.
To signal fair catch the receiver must raise one arm fully above his head and wave it side to side , while the ball is in flight.
Saludos Amigos was popular enough that Walt Disney decided to make another film about Latin America , The Three Caballeros , to be produced two years later.
Red wine offers health benefits more so than white because many beneficial compounds are present in grape skin , and only red wine is fermented with skins.
None of Guthrie 's three remaining children with Marjorie have developed symptoms of Huntington 's , but two of Mary Guthrie 's children suffered from the disease.
The Louisiana National Guard delivered three truckloads of water and seven truckloads of MRE 's to the Superdome , enough to supply 15,000 people for three days.
John Campbell `` Jack '' Ross was at the time of his death Australia 's oldest man and the last Australian veteran of the First World War.
Iolaus persuades Hercules to let him go along for one last adventure before he is married , Hercules reluctantly relents and says that he can come along.
We 've spread our prayer hide all over this place We saw our dearest one to Holy God in grace One day , all of us will come into the earth 's embrace We 'll putrefy , my fair one , we 'll putrefy.
It was one of the first three Nicktoons and also aired on Nick Jr. in 1995.
In Greek mythology , Sagittarius is identified as a centaur : half human , half horse.
Throwing the hurley is illegal , though camogie players may drop it to make a handpass.
From this marriage several children were born , but only one son , Afonso Henriques survived.
In the Early Middle Ages there were two separate Slavic tribes bearing the name of Polans.
A pair which has repeatedly failed in breeding attempts may split and look for new mates.
In December 2006 , she married her long time business manager and friend , Paul Truong.
He is best known as an educator of poor children and an advocate of conscientious objection.
During their short career they released two demos , one EP , and two full-length albums.
Most of the time they are so much like the gear counter plus the reverse gear.
On his first jump , he became the first man to legally pass the 18-metre barrier.
It is one of the two rivers of Karachi , the other one being Malir River.
Their tail will drop off and wriggle around for a little while , and the salamanders will either run away or stay still enough to not be noticed while the predator is distracted.
Bambi goes back to search for Faline , but she is being chased by hunting dogs.
Oberon orders Puck to keep Lysander and Demetrius from catching up with one another and to remove the charm from Lysander , so that he goes back to being in love with Hermia.
The Shield : red with three gold bands drawn diagonally across to the right hand side.
The date is usually put somewhere in the early 11th century in all three Scandinavian countries.
The elements are rotated every two years while a yin and yang association alternates every year.
It is one of the many layers of bark , between the cork and primary phloem.
Aung San Suu Kyi returned to Burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother.
To the east of Portlethen lie three fishing villages : Findon , Downies and Old Portlethen.
Please take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia.
There are seventeen Pokémon types , two of which were introduced in Pokémon Gold and Silver.
Today , Generator has been remembered as one of the best albums to emerge from the early 90s punk scene , and one of the most enduring works of Bad Religion 's career.
He was also the first black actor to win the Academy Award for Best Actor ..
Next , Prince Ivan sees thirteen princesses , with one of whom he falls in love.
This was also the first time Tammy had been used to name any tropical cyclone worldwide.
Water vapor or water vapor , also aqueous vapor , is the gas phase of water.
Fire safety standards are consistent with the strict guidelines of the US National Fire Protection Association.
Louder Than Love would become the band 's first album to chart on the Billboard 200.
However , a small amount of ash survived and put out new ash trees as well.
Please take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to this encyclopedia.
Among their best known songs are `` We Can't Be Beaten '' , `` Scarred for Life '' , `` Rock 'n' Roll Outlaw '' and `` Bad Boy for Love ''.
I once was lost , but now am found , Was blind but now I see.
The station before Epping is Theydon Bois , which is about three minutes traveling time away.
While helping , Jeckle and a second man were hit by another driver who lost control.
His first release was on the Frauenarzt-Tape with King Orgasmus One for I Luv Money Records.
Bernal suggested that evolution may have commenced early , some time between Stage 1 and 2.
Preferably the first revision of all new articles would be beefed up enough so the suitability of an article for inclusion in the encyclopedia could be assessed without needing to look at potential.
If our senses gave us wrong information about our environment , we would soon be extinct.
Ill health and his two writing careers led him to give up competitive chess after 1851.
They eat by holding the fish in one claw and tearing the flesh with the other.
Big Bird , like many of the other Sesame Street characters , is a Muppet character.
Ninety percent of deep-sea marine life are estimated to produce bioluminescence in one form or another.
The film received eight Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Actor and Best Director.
Fish farming offers an alternative solution to the increasing market demand for fish and fish protein.
Its name comes from the Greek word akinos , the name of a small aromatic plant.
So they give a rather good introduction to the life in Huntly in the 19th century.
If channel mode + t is set , only a channel operator may set the topic.
He has two adult children from his first marriage to Patricia Derwinski , Maureen and Michael.
The chair was enshrined in its new home with great celebration of January 16 , 1666.
The terms old moon and new moon are interchangeable , although new moon is more common.
It was the first new auto assembly plant to be built in Canada in two decades.
Agents make their money by taking a percentage of the money that their client is paid.
He was one of Walt Disney 's team of animators known as the Nine Old Men.
`` Trouble Hearted Blues '' and `` Left Alone Blues '' are his best known songs.
Back on Earth the villagers thank Hercules for helping them and he and Deianeira go home.
The oldest of the children , Sean , was only twelve years old at the time.
Commercial aquaculture supplies one half of the fish and shellfish that is directly consumed by humans.
By early the next day , a surface low developed and the wave became better organized.
For example , one might take all true statements about the natural numbers to be axioms.
To date , much of its work has concerned the introduction of new generic top-level domains.
In fact the Peshitta Old Testament and New Testament are two completely separate works of translation.
The Afghan Hound is one of the oldest , if not the first sighthound dog breed.
Males have one Y chromosome and one X chromosome , while females have two X chromosomes.
On his way to the lodging the first time , Mr. Datchery asks directions from Deputy.
Tyler was born Liv Rundgren at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City , New York.
In Buddhism , the first schism was set up by Devadatta , during Buddha 's life.
The main character is a brave hamster named Hamtaro who goes on adventures and makes friends.
This may reflect factors such as diet and lifestyle as well as access to medical care.
Momotarō returned home with his new friends , and his family lived comfortably from then on.
The away goals rule also applies if scores are equal at the end of extra time.
These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia.
It involves a new religious identity , or a change from one religious identity to another.
Pi Day and Pi Approximation Day are two holidays held to celebrate the mathematical constant pi.
Two of his crewmen were the first humans known to have set foot on Christmas Island.
Karin Gayer was born in May 1969 in Mödling while she is living today in Vienna.
This was the first time that the name Gamma had been used for a tropical cyclone.
In turn , JBL announced that Mysterio would face off against Mark Henry later that night.
Shearer may be best known for his prolific work as a voice actor on The Simpsons.
As well as his extensive stand-up work , Bailey is a best known for his appearances on Have I Got News for You , Never Mind the Buzzcocks , QI and Black Books.
Often Spurgeon 's wife was too ill for her to leave home to hear him preach.
Cheung was born in Hong Kong to a Chinese father and a half Chinese-half British mother.
Glamis Castle was the childhood home of Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon , best known as the Queen Mother.
A little over two years later the family moved to another farm in the Hodgenville area.
The origin of the name Bezenye comes from a Slav word meaning `` elder '' tree.
A wrestler who is eliminated without a referee noticing may sometimes sneak back into the match.
The template name is MySpace and the first argument is the name of the MySpace account.
And it is impossible for a man of many trades to do all of them well.
Many English composers of Butterworth 's time set Housman 's poetry , including Ralph Vaughan Williams.
This Feria is dedicated to sherry wine and 180,000 half bottles are drunk in 4 days.
She tells him to go and the next day her and Iolaus set off for Alturia.
Here we have only one , but some particularly large terminals may have three or four.
It was the first multinational corporation in the world and the first company to issue stock.
Common icons are the World tree , for instance Yggdrasil , and the tree of life.
His last original published work was in 1965 ; he gave his last interview in 1980.
Zeus appears and tells Hercules that he will only make things worse between him and Hera.
The explosion would have been seen from miles away , and heard from further away still.
New hairs will not grow back in the previously waxed area for two to eight weeks.
It takes place on the Hong Kong Island or Sha Tin District alternatively every two years.
Instant noodles come cheap and save time which makes it popular with most of the population.
The condemned man would usually be sentenced to the short drop method of hanging , so that the neck would not break.
It became common to wear white at home and one of gray , solid dark blue , or black on the road.
They released an album labeled Puuhevonen with traditional childrens 's songs in 2007 , around the time their first children were born.
Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show Full Committed , in which he played 40 characters.
Clearly , they can not execute at the same time , and the second instruction can't be executed before the first.
Liljeberg 's mother was relatively young when Rebecka was born , and Liljeberg 's parents divorced when she was one year old.
Eastern European Summer Time is one of the names of UTC +3 time zone , 3 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time.
Rankin was raised in New York and was introduced to music by his mother , who sang at home and for friends.
The prospect of a prompt fine equivalent to $ 600 US would help assure preventive compliance , as well as cover costs.
Phimosis is `` a contracted foreskin may cause trouble by hurting when an attempt is made to pull the foreskin back ''.
The musicians to have rest on the Sabbath Day , but the other six days and nights , none without special favor.
Stone Cold came out to confront Vince about it , and Vince stated that Stone Cold would be the one to defect.
Pups are born with their eyes open ; they will begin to leave the nesting area at about 3 days of age.
After the fall of Soviet Union , he has been able to make two more short films , Life and The End.
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends was founded by the elderly Madame Foster to provide a foster home for abandoned imaginary friends.
These changes may remain through cell divisions for the remainder of the cell 's life and may also last for multiple generations.
Similar to the previous two events , the concept of the show was that every championship in the company would be defended.
Dicynodonts were small to large herbivorous animals with two tusks , hence their name , which means ` two dog tooth '.
Tony pretends not to care , however Jal is angered that Michelle didn't tell her since she 's her best friend.
Sagwa is the name of a cat in the children 's book Sagwa , the Chinese Siamese Cat by author Amy Tan.
During the first election campaign in 1855 , one candidate , Daniel Cameron , rode a horse shod with solid gold horseshoes.
The two parameters must be used together , with hide specified for every line that is being covered by the first line.
A public toilet may or may not cost money to use ; for those that do , see `` pay toilet ''.
He has won 24 doubles titles , including the 2001 US Open and the 2005 Australian Open , both with Wayne Black.
By September , they had released two more singles and another video , headlining a show for the first time in October.
No striking one another on board , but every man 's quarrels to be ended on shore , at sword and pistol.
Upon this attack , all his men were killed , and his life was spared by a man called the Painted Man.
Instant Messaging may be done in a Friend-to-friend network , in which each node connects to the friends on the friends list.
One of his projects was the steel work of the General Motors Futurama building at the 1939 New York World 's Fair.
The demons are able to take Gabrielle to Hell , where she comes face to face with the demonic form of Callisto.
That title has not been bestowed on anyone since Dow . The company name changed one final time after Dow 's death.
This situation may be likened to two people who are drawing diagrams , with only one pencil and one ruler between them.
Its plumage is lavender-blue to mid-blue in the crest , back , wings , and tail , and its face is white.
In 1888 Georges Head was chosen as the best place to observe and fire underwater mines , the latest in harbor defences.
Wills was born in 1835 near Gundagai , New South Wales to parents Horatio and Elizabeth , first of their nine children.
Since the two asteroidal moons appear to orbit in the same plane , they would occult each other once every 2.2 days.
All are set at liberty - much to the dismay of Osmin , who would prefer to see them all brutally executed.
Heimdall was destined to be the last of the gods to perish at Ragnarök when he and Loki would slay one another.
Thus one trial may work to dissuade a bird from several species of butterfly which all fly the same ` flag '.
For the next few days , Jess and Leslie spend their free time in the tree house getting to know each other.
In the early days , Nickel Creek released two albums : Little Cowpoke in 1993 , and Here to There in 1997.
Scarbury 's first single , `` She Never Smiles Anymore , '' flopped , and he was soon without a record label.
Zeus gave her the gift to be able to take her eyes out to rest , and then put them back in.
In May 2005 BookCrossing.com won two People 's Voice awards in the Webby Awards for best community website and best social/networking website.
However , the mother does protect the young in the water for a few days until they learn to fend for themselves.
From the two days of battle there are only three graves where the death date is listed as May 15 , 1864.
If one crosses the date line at precisely midnight , going westward , one skips an entire day ; while going eastward , one repeats the entire day.
The Tour of Britain was extended to seven days for 2007 , with the extra day being used to run a stage in Somerset for the first time.
His father put him in a wagon , drove him half way back to the academy , and left him on the roadside , never saying a word.
The last , a theological encyclopedia , was published in 1549 , but the last but one , intended to include his medical work , was never finished.
A minimum spanning tree or minimum weight spanning tree is then a spanning tree with weight less than or equal to the weight of every other spanning tree.
It would be three centuries before Claudius Ptolemaeus ' synthesis of astronomy would supersede the work of Hipparchus ; it is heavily dependent on it in many areas.
Fair territory between home plate and the outfield boundary is baseball 's field of play , though significant events can take place in foul territory , as well.
In Japan , kissing is done as `` proof of affection but not love ; '' mothers kiss their children yet Japanese lovers do not kiss one another.
The Canadiens defeated the Rosebuds three games to two in the best of five games series , winning the Stanley Cup for the first time in team history.
The garden dormouse can be recognized by black eye markings , relatively large ears , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail.
The first Sweet Children show took place on October 17 , 1987 , at Rod 's Hickory Pit in Vallejo , California where Armstrong 's mother was working.
At this time Plath and Hughes met , for the first time , W. S. Merwin , who admired their work and was to remain a lifelong friend.
As a cloud matures , the dense water droplets may combine to produce larger droplets , which may combine to form droplets large enough to fall as rain.
The first is the factor specific to an individual mental task : the individual abilities that would make a person more skilled at one cognitive task than another.
Bahrain will again be the season opener of the season , and Formula One cars shall , for the first time , drive the full 6.299 k circuit.
In his youth , Hugo resolved to be `` Chateaubriand or nothing , '' and his life would come to parallel that of his predecessor in many ways.
The kit today remains royal blue shirts , white shorts and white socks although when playing teams away who also wear white shorts Everton typically wear all blue.
At the start , each player controls sixteen pieces : one king , one queen , two rooks , two knights , two bishops , and eight pawns.
She eventually gives birth to their first child , a son , whom they name Tarō , as that is a common Japanese name for a first son.
Instead of having many teeth that are frequently replaced , mammals have one set of baby teeth and later one set of adult teeth which fit together precisely.
In spring of 1954 , in New York City , just before his passing Pascal had planned a trip to India to see Meher Baba one last time.
Hercules once again comes to the rescue and faces one of his most difficult challenges , and must prove himself as a man as well as a god.
River 's father abandoned his wife and son when the son is three years old , he goes out to get a pizza and does not come back.
As day breaks , Siegfried and Brünnhilde emerge from their cave . Brünnhilde sends Siegfried off to new adventures , urging him to keep their love in mind.
He wrote the first work to be called an opera today , Dafne , and also the first opera to have survived to the present day , Euridice.
When using a voltmeter to measure voltage difference , one electrical lead of the voltmeter must be connected to the first point , one to the second point.
The ceremony at the Kroll Opera House had the effect of reassuring many Germans , especially conservative Germans , that life would be fine under the new regime.
I think getting back together would take the lid off that and then could possibly change what ... to me seems like the perfect lifespan of the band.
He was one of the most extravagant men of his time , named in 1938 as one of the world 's most famous men by Time Magazine along with Adolf Hitler and the Pope.
One legend holds that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a form of boxing in which two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed.
Where a business name is based on a family name , it may or may not take an apostrophe , though in recent times there has been an increasing tendency to drop the apostrophe.
Liadan goes with her sister on the trip to her new home and on the way back she is kidnapped by an outlaw and brought to the camp of `` The Painted Man . ''
The Three Jewels , also rendered as Three Treasures , Three Refuges or Triple Gem are the three things that Buddhists give themselves to , and in return look toward for guidance , in the process known as taking refuge.
A time period is sorted according to its start , and time periods with the same starting moment are in order of descending length : a year comes before its first month ; a month comes before its first day.
See also List of English words of Portuguese origin , Loan words in Indonesian , Japanese words of Portuguese origin , Borrowed words in Malay , Sinhala words of Portuguese origin , Loan words from Portuguese in Sri Lankan Tamil.
Whately also addressed Austen 's position as a female writer , writing : `` we suspect one of Miss Austin 's great merits in our eyes to be , the insight she gives us into the peculiarities of female heroines are what one knows women must be , though one never can get them to acknowledge it . ''
Their first album Bathory was released in 1984 and is `` regarded by many as the first black metal record . '' The band 's fourth album Blood Fire Death was released in 1988 and includes two early examples of Viking metal - the songs `` A Fine Day to Die '' and `` Blood Fire Death ''.
She was 36 years old.
The collection includes local textile work as well as religious artifacts.
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is a children 's television series , that premiered in prime time on Disney Channel on May 5 , 2006.
Though poverty was rampant the Green daughters wrote friends asking for any amount money they could give.
The devil 's stone weighs 220 tons and stands near Göschenen.
The template takes one parameter.
See Thomas Hardy 's Wessex.
By default time periods are sorted according to their end date.
He was hanged for murder at Old Melbourne Gaol in 1880.
It just expresses a truth.
Carlin was 71 years old.
The team plays its home games in Westman Communications Group Place.
All three franchises have been hockey teams , two in the ECHL and one in the IHL.
During the course of a day , they will switch over approximately every four hours or so , meaning that only one nostril is used at any one time.
She has a son and two daughters , as well as 4 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren.
The disease can last initially from 10-20 days and can rebreak when the dog is put into a stressful situation which puts stress on the dog 's immune system.
On May 2 , 2000 , it was released to Region 1 DVD for the first time.
It first opened in 1959.
Mary was working alone , as Louis was ill in camp.
His mother was a granddaughter of the fourth head of Yonezawa.
He was buried in Tallinn , his grave not too far away from that of another great name in chess , Paul Keres.
He likes his black and white furry top hat , which he once lost and later found.
Her name Hala is a common Arabic name which means halo.
NFS , like many other protocols , builds on the Open Network Computing Remote Procedure Call system.
He is regarded by many as a Canadian folk hero today.
Mashed potatoes or Smashed potatoes is one way of serving potatoes.
Three Southampton trams have survived.
This existed alongside that of the Old Catholic See of Utrecht.
They had three children , Blanca , Laura , and Alfonso.
None were selected for refurbishment.
The key factor to distinguish them is to look at how many instructions the processor can issue in one cycle and how many threads from which the instructions come.
Though not convinced , Wozzeck gives her some money and leaves.
It wasn't until 1973 that the company was officially established under the name `` Sanrio . ''
By the early 1960s , television companies commonly presented half-hour long `` comedy '' series , or one hour long `` dramas . ''
The area of Chiltern was on the Wahgunyah cattle run and was known as Black Dog Creek.
They stumble upon a little girl crying alone near an altar.
About one quarter of the population were of full or predominant Maya descent , and in rural areas many did not speak Spanish.
Modern sheet music may come in different formats . If a piece is composed for just one instrument or voice , the whole work may be written or printed as one piece of sheet music.
Criers were not always men , many town criers were women.
He was a man of short stature , thus his name.
To the garden of my love there came an evil louder The shrubs now lie there , my fair one , shrubs lie While gathering the roses , he broke their stems to moulder They are all dry , my fair one , they are all dry.
Peters died not long after.
The Great Crested Grebe , Podiceps cristatus is a member of the grebe family of water birds.
A leisurely stroll around the town will reveal many fine buildings.
It is one of the best known eclipsing binaries , the first such star to be discovered , and also one of the first variable stars to be discovered.
Dinner is the name of the main meal of the day.
Lulu goes out and returns with another client , the Negro.
With the people of the village now safe and Iolaus freed , the two men journey back home and Hercules killed the Minotaur by cutting its ' head off.
A magnitude is never negative.
Following a long history of heart disease , he died a few days after his 75th birthday.
`` Tomorrow Never Knows '' is the final track of The Beatles ' 1966 studio album Revolver but the first to be recorded.
Several distinct dog breeds are in common use as sled dogs , although any medium-sized breed may be used to pull a sled.
Many authorities place them all in a single subfamily , Sigmodontinae.
The name appeared first as Zur Matte and became later Zermatt.
The first aboriginal settlers of Australia may have encountered living Megalania.
To put it another way , often it is not meaningful to simply add and subtract magnitudes.
Pasteur 's later work on diseases included work on chicken cholera.
Each pair will make a sound of a slightly different pitch.
Zeus appears and tells him the candle doesn't work in the way Hercules wants it to.
Rij-Rousseau was born in Candé.
Average life span was 35.
It is an entry-level series to motor racing , in which in the past many drivers aspired to one day reach Formula One.
On a Day Like Today is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams , released in 1998.
The winner would decide who gets what with their loved one.
Many areas remain inaccessible to the public due to building work.
Marquette has two sister cities.
The first land sales in the area took place in 1837.
Renault F1 is the Renault company 's Formula One racing team.
They think he killed the men and chase him and Iolaus.
He is married to Maggie ; they have three adult children , two sons and a daughter.
For much of her adult life Leigh dealt with bipolar disorder.
Photosynthesis occurs in two stages.
His habilitation work was entitled.
The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings.
The shell coloration also keeps the animal cryptic in the water.
Imp . after their name.
SFB is the first professional ballet company in the United States.
Marske has two imposing houses.
Tolstoy thought that Anna Karenina was his first true novel ..
It hosts one of two campuses of Saint Petersburg State University.
The stock gives whoever owns it part ownership in that company.
At the end of the Purim story , Haman is hanged.
Some of Charles 's illegitimate children were born before his marriage.
After 1814 , the convict would be hanged until dead and the mutilation would be performed post-mortem.
Manilow also performed as well.
The last one started to power on September 7 , 2005.
From calves , oxen are chosen with horns since the horns hold the yoke in place when the oxen lower their heads , back up , or slow down.
Many of the museums are run by the Biggar Museum Trust.
Wine is an alcoholic beverage.
This is your last warning.
Making a new link that begins with a / is the common way to start a subpage.
Caretas also alleged that Fujimori 's mother declared having two children when she entered Peru ; Fujimori is the second of four children.
Cranston is credited by many with bringing a new level of artistry to men 's figure skating.
`` There 's No Disgrace Like Home '' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons first season.
30 Seconds to Mars has received one award from two nominations.
A single RAID array may provide some capacity to one server , and some capacity to another.
See French language in Canada.
Many species are critically endangered.
In a sun-dappled forest two men are searching for buried treasure.
In Western countries , many people keep domesticated rats as pets.
The true null hypothesis is.
Leah could sign full sentences long before her ` hearing ' peers could even speak , and as a result , her parents say she never threw a tantrum.
Markets sell dried noodles and men-tsuyu , or instant noodle broth , to make home preparation easy.
Polls were even put up on WWF.com and WCW.com to decide the name of the new show.
Adams has won one AMA , and been nominated for three.
Controller of Children 's BBC Richard Deverell said : `` Adventure Rock is a good example of the way we need to go.
Guccio was responsible for designing many of the company 's products.
He come to beat ya.
Nearby , three other people drowned and five fishers were missing.
On each day , the characters discover new insights and artifacts.
Traditionally they play in red and white striped shirts with black shorts and red and white socks.
Frederiksen played with the band on 1994 's Let 's Go.
It is a long work , similar to Flaubert 's Madame Bovary , one of its influences.
Free-form , so you can specify as many as you like.
He was 21 years old.
This is the only existing engraving signed with his full name.
Iron working revolutionised many aspects of life , most importantly agriculture.
It would not be long before the idea was adopted worldwide.
Tuatara , like many of New Zealand 's native animals , are threatened by habitat loss and introduced predators like the Polynesian Rat.
Starches are insoluble in water.
Its first release was Arachnophobia.
It is home to Scottish First Division side Greenock Morton F.C..
Clay animation is one of many forms of stop motion animation.
This time , Pompey refused.
All fields must be lowercase.
Approximately 95 % of unsafe abortions take place in developing countries.
The name Contiki comes from Thor Heyerdahl 's famous Kon-Tiki raft.
See List of heritage railways.
They had 19 children together.
The name Kalganup is believed to be the Noongar word for ` place of many waters '.
See and for more information.
Wesleyan , along with Amherst and Williams Colleges , is a member of the historic Little Three colleges and has long been known as one of the Little Ivies.
See also WikiProject Geographical coordinates.
Many large hearths also appear.
Madison 's suburb , Middleton , was also ranked the `` Best Place to Live in America '' in 2007 by Money Magazine.
On the show , they performed `` Rabbit Heart '' and `` Dog Days Are Over ''.
See Ladakh for more information.
This page must work within the context of , but hopefully will also see wider use elsewhere.
Aluminium in food may be absorbed more than aluminium from water.
30 Seconds to Mars has received one awards from three nominations.
The Weinsteins worked with Lewis to distill the two films into one film for the US marketplace.
Balukas finished in a tie for 9th place among many of the best players in the world.
They have no true head , although the anterior end is often slightly wider than the body.
The Lyside Sulphur may be found in open , subtropical scrubs.
Bad Liebenwerda is home of the Gothic church of St. Nikolai.
Like many other cities in Transylvania , Braşov is also home for a significant ethnic Hungarian minority.
That is one of the oldest open questions in computer science.
Ciampi was born in Livorno.
Many amusement rides provide rotation.
Kumaran lost his life during a protest march against the British.
Inhabitants of New South Wales are referred to as being New South Welsh or New South Welshmen.
The two men break through the plants and enter the cave.
White kimchi is a popular kimchi to make during the wintertime.
2 is the first Sophie Germain prime , the first factorial prime , the first Lucas prime , and the first Smarandache-Wellin prime.
Two such cases exposed Acorah.
But an insulting letter from Lord Orville soon opens her eyes.
Abigail was born in Stillwater , New York , 1798 , in Saratoga County , New York.
Two is a primorial , as well as its own factorial.
World War II affected Southampton much more than World War One.
But we never do ''.
Reicha was born in Prague.
The empty line must consist of only and no other whitespace.
The Pale Kangaroo Mouse burrows only in fine sand , while the Dark Kangaroo Mouse prefers fine , gravelly soils but may also burrow in sand or sandy soil.
Fire is also a problem.
The main difficulty of water wheels was their inseparability from water.
Curitiba also has many theaters.
Mammals and birds were well-established.
It also has a long , yellow , deeply forked tongue.
The user of course may express the display form in the second parameter however they would like.
Genma and Soun agreed years ago that their children would marry and carry on the Tendo Dojo.
The Scooter is another storm , a white cloud group farther south than the Great Dark Spot.
See Japan Soccer League Cup.
They chose seventeen young men.
Haitink has five children from his first marriage to Marjolein Snijder.
New Castle is home to New Castle Fieldhouse , the largest high school gymnasium in the world.
Schoenberg refused , saying `` I would only make you a bad Schoenberg , and you 're such a good Gershwin already . ''
The bedstone does not turn.
Its name is a portmanteau of the words minimal and Unix.
283 : War with Rome.
Fagin then goes to convince Sykes that his plan is air-tight enough to pay him his money.
And Green Day are as good as this stuff gets . ''
This Christmas cake is particularly good for people who don't like very rich and moist cakes.
Men 's hanbok saw little change compared to women 's hanbok.
It is the first book in the Guardians of Time Trilogy.
The Western Long-beaked Echidna is one of the four extant echidnas and one of three species of Zaglossus that occur in New Guinea.
The square root of two was the first known irrational number.
They have two sons : Jack Louis Ward Hurst , born in 1997 , and Cameron Lane Ward Hurst , born in 1999.
The next prime is three.
Antennae may be , or.
Many articles are created on Wikipedia every day , most of which are a good faith effort by contributors to improve the encyclopedia.
Only three states changed allegiance.
Ozai 's children , Azula and Zuko were alive and well.
At the end of the series a twist called was broadcast live on May 13 , 2004.
One critic said : `` the album isn't completely successful.
Korchnoi scored 7.5 - 0.5 in his first eight games , then drew his last three games.
Pluto has three known moons.
Malmeneich lies in the Westerwald.
It was first published in 2008 by Henry Holt and Company.
He was 69 years old.
Because it is impossible to correct this for each and every userpage every time the top icons are broken , a new template and class were introduced to make it simpler to support the icons.
Others believe that the hierarchical classification may not serve much purpose.
In addition , new segments `` ABC Time , '' `` Counting Time , '' `` Game Time , '' `` Story Time , '' and `` Hopping/Moving Time '' explore the episode theme or other skills in a playful way.
But in many other cultures , Monday is held to be the first day of the week.
Jaquino and Marzelline are alone.
Jikji consists of two volumes.
The first single from the album was `` Skip to the End '' released on May 15.
Hope Shanowski was a homemaker with a husband and three children.
Some go further , and say that string theory as a theory of everything is a failure.
Thyme retains its flavor on drying better than many other herbs.
Robinson 's performance soon rebounded.
The best-known precious metals are the coinage metals gold and silver.
The name comes from `` West men '' , referring to the people west of Uppland , the core province of early Sweden.
It uses another template named.
Triple H responded that only the end of the night would reveal who would still be champion.
Seventeen species of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef.
Karolina Bock was married twice.
This orphanage became Spurgeon 's Child Care which still exists today.
In the same basic example , the processor would start to decode a new instruction while the last one was waiting for results.
Many modern theories of the origin of life still take Oparin 's ideas as a starting point.
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers
Another of his contributions to ethology is his work on imprinting.
See Route diagram template also.
The Boohbahs do not speak , but instead make noises like squeaks , squeals , and clicks.
The first to 50 wins.
Permanently subterranean salamanders have reduced eyes , which may even be covered by a layer of skin.
This includes time to replace a failed disk mechanism as well as time to re-build the array.
I should have known better.
Her personal name is unknown.
Anti-nuclear critics see nuclear power as a dangerous , expensive way to boil water to generate electricity.
The next day at school , Leslie compliments Jess ' drawing ability after seeing his notebook , and they soon become best friends.
It was recorded at Little Mountain Sound , Vancouver , Canada.
Additionally , the branch name is displayed beneath the line name.
At both the start and end of the schemes , clock changes take place at 01:00 UTC.
Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren.
In this production , the Nutcracker first `` comes to life '' at the Christmas party , before Clara 's dream even begins.
This process takes place over many generations , and is one of the basic phenomena of biology.
The couple have three children and currently reside in Los Angeles.
Heatley managed just one point.
`` Long '' is used to name Chinese dinosaurs in much the same way that the Latin - saur is in the West.
His mother , Jewel Caroline Cobb , served one term as a member of the Tribal Counsel.
A storm was named Isbell for the first time in 1964.
The first ever Formula BMW World Final took place in Bahrain.
The head and thorax are white with the abdomen being yellow-orange with a row of black spots.
The binomial name derives from two Latin words : Turdus , `` thrush '' , and migratorius from migrare `` to go ''.
Two soundtrack albums were released , with the second coming after the first one 's massive success.
One day he comes across a female mouse named Jenny , whose parents were two of the lost six mice who tried to escape NIMH but were thought to have died in the air shaft.
He serves without pay . ''
Bangladesh observes Daylight saving time.
If so , an early recourse to dispute resolution may help.
The dam was never rebuilt.
Nelson Piquet won the Drivers ' Championship , claiming the first of his three Formula One titles.
Anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets.
Draycot it is said went home to his meal that day.
As a result , many contestants would change alliances in order to avoid another tie and another chance of drawing the Purple Rock.
Gamkrelidze was born in Kutaisi.
Psychologists have attempted to measure it for well over a century.
This bird 's name commemorates the American ornithologist George Newbold Lawrence.
He has been married twice.
Wagga Wagga is home to two major Australian Defense Force establishments.
Born in New York , New York , Jennings was owner of the New York Rangers from 1959 until his death in 1981.
Lessons are generally taught in a classroom but may instead take place in a situated learning environment.
Fresh pasta may include eggs.
The card catalog was saved from fire damage and much of the lost book collection was replaced.
There is no standing fresh water on Malden Island , though a fresh water lens may exist.
This May Day celebration began in 1870 and is approaching one hundred and forty years of age.
Nailsea and Backwell railway station is managed by First Great Western.
See the corresponding code below.
See also the category '.
Parts of Europe , including much of Scandinavia , never adopted many feudal institutions , including serfdom.
At least three children have been born in Antarctica , albeit in stations north of the Antarctic Circle . See Demographics of Antarctica.
Steinmeier was born in Detmold.
A foreigner is a person from another country - See Alien.
All performances must end before midnight ; long operas start earlier in the evening if need be.
For individual timelines , see.
A sawmill 's basic operation is much like those of hundreds of years ago ; a log enters on one end and dimensional lumber exits on the other end.
Sukarno , born Kusno Sosrodihardjo was the first President of Indonesia.
Its name means `` tree snake '' in Afrikaans and Dutch.
In 907 Herisau is mentioned for the first time , the canton is named first in 1071.
He was 93 years old.
Three days later on SmackDown , Undertaker accepted Orton 's challenge.
Moore would eventually have ten second place finishes in world-title competition.
Hence , Obelix was born.
Signatures must not contain categories.
He never married , although his two daughters by Sarah Danby were born in 1801 and 1811.
Monroe would state in her autobiography that she did not feel like a wife ; she enjoyed playing with the neighborhood children until her husband would call her home.
Also see the examples below.
Other Templates also use the category , see first sorted section.
White phosphorus is insoluble in water but soluble in carbon disulfide.
Zeus accepts what Hercules must do , and lets him go.
Both requests can't be satisfied , so a deadlock occurs.
In New Super Mario Bros..
`` If he had been out there a minute longer , I think somebody would have shot him , '' said one witness.
Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province.
Previously , it didn't make much sense to build a pipeline that could run faster than the access latency of off-chip memory.
The Vostok 1 mission was the first time anyone had journeyed into outer space and the first time anyone had entered into orbit.
For the first time in its history Laing did not have a member of the founding family at the head of the company.
That night Stallone went home , and in three days he had written the script for Rocky.
In her last recording in 1950 , she recorded two songs.
In the early days of the colony of New South Wales , the southern part of the Lachlan was known as Fish River.
In any event , in going to Italy , Cervantes was doing what many young Spaniards of the time did to further their careers in one way or another.
See List of EMI labels.
An electric fish is a fish that can generate electric fields.
He lost his first run for Congress in 1824 , but ran again in the next election.
Bread , pasta , crackers , many cakes , and many other foods are made using flour.
The narrator , however , begins to hear a faint noise.
Both tools use these words.
Since then he has subsequently appeared in many other films including My Best Friend 's Wedding , An Ideal Husband , The Next Best Thing and the Shrek sequels.
Set to only the image name , e.g. , not or.
The word armadillo is Spanish for `` little armored one ''.
The png images here have hand optimised transparent background color so they look good in all browsers.
It may take up to 12 weeks to remove a wart.
Astley recorded `` Never Gonna Give You Up '' on his 1987 album Whenever You Need Somebody.
She is best known for her role as Jal Fazer in the first two seasons of Skins.
Many straits are economically important.
He is a right back.
MEPIS 's first official release was on May 10 , 2003.
Ford Fusion is a name used on two different models of cars from the Ford Motor Company.
Pilate asks the crowd whom they would like to be released.
But when the fullness of time had come , God sent his Son , born of a woman , born under the law ...
He was 16 years , 1 month and 14 days old.
It has two distinct parts.
Alex 's best friend Harper is also part of the storyline.
Its name is derived from the Greek words φαίνω and ζωή , meaning make life appear , since it was once believed that life began in the Cambrian , the first period of this eon.
This would be the first discovery of rings around a moon.
California wine is wine made in the U.S. state of California.
Toft was eventually released without charge and returned to her home.
One reviewer characterized this as `` Quite possibly Card 's best published work , ever . ''.
He was 63 years old.
296-8 : War with Rome.
Several special bus services serve the stadium when events take place.
When the two go out , the Countess returns and hides.
48,000 during its initial run.
See Firefox 's free toolbar.
For its documentation , see.
Waitt is probably best known for being one of the first baseball players to wear a glove.
Vishnevskaya was born in Leningrad.
Whatever your creed be , I will adore it and pray To be awaken together with you on Judgement Day Rise up once more to kiss your white throat that I may Don't pass for one more trice , my fair , don't pass by.
To hunt fish , easily their most important live prey , the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons.
Yehudi Menuhin was married twice.
Provides an easy way to cite Geographic Names Information System data.
Many composers have written Requiems.
It has dense black fur.
That album quickly surpassed Let 's Go in terms of success.
The two major sources of tree damage are biotic and abiotic.
At the time , he did not know what this meant.
Other examples of words like these are shown in the table.
If oxygen can enter , the wood might catch fire , and the production would be ruined.
Dogs on leads are allowed.
He is one of only two Italian Formula One World Champions in the history of the sport , and the only one winning his two championships in a Ferrari.
The clypeus is one of the sclerites that makes up the `` face '' of an arthropod.
Tracy , however , seems to have been her true love.
Microsleeps can occur at any time , typically without significant warning.
It was all the truth.
He was born in May 1902 into a prominent Karachi family.
The first one started to power on July 10 , 2003.
Over two thirds of Coburg 's population live in Coburg City.
Any suitable tree or large bush may be used for nesting , though an evergreen is preferred.
His first work called Beginning of Spring was published in 1935.
Ricotta is an Italian sheep milk or cow milk whey cheese.
So the name signifies that the town was at the head or end of a round hill.
Circles , tubes , cylindrical shafts , disks , and spheres may be concentric to one another.
Very little is known about the habits of this unusual mouse.
The leg never healed properly.
This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa.
He was born in Seville.
It has an open world set in the fictional Paradise City.
See municipalities of Baja California.
The northward turn shifted the course away from any land areas.
The alternative seemed to be biogenesis : that every living thing came from a pre-existing living thing.
For more information , see.
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class.
Instead , it drinks by taking a mouthful of water , lifting its head , and letting the water run down its throat.
For example , the first player , Ann , begins a turn with a roll of 5.
Coals from a bonfire would be taken home to light the fires in family hearths , a practice thought to bring good fortune.
Rosé was first violin throughout.
Pasteurella multocida was first found in 1878 in fowl cholera-infected birds.
Little came of this effort.
Bambara has many local dialects.
White rice is cooked separately.
Kahn has produced work in various media but is best known for his work in public radio.
For her , with my shadow , will make three people.
Scheel was born in Solingen.
Interestingly , the mouse never drinks water , instead deriving it metabolically from the foods it eats.
The Kyneton Cup is on the day after Melbourne Cup day.
He lived mainly in Rome , where he would later die.
It won seven Oscars , including Best Picture and Best Director.
At the end of the 1990s he set up Schuhbecks GmbH.
The film is set in New York City and Los Angeles.
In the early years , every Committee member was Genevan , Protestant , white , and male.
In 2007 , PepsiCo redesigned their cans for the fourteenth time , and for the first time , included more than thirty different backgrounds on each can , introducing a new background every three weeks.
Martha and George Washington had no children together , but they raised Martha 's two surviving children.
The two men strip off their tops and prepare to spar.
Additionally , Tempo was also Mozambique 's first full color magazine.
We 'll never know ; we 're stuck with our interval.
The name mithril comes from two words in Sindarin - mith , meaning `` gray '' , and ril meaning `` glitter ''.
Albano was one of five children born to Dr. Carmen Louis and Eleanor Albano , both deceased.
Many of the largest known primes today are generalized Fermat primes.
Grandpa Never Lies is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Harvey Stevenson.
Ears are small and hairy.
The two divorced in 1902.
This is the first use of the name Nana since 1990.
South Pier is one of three piers in Blackpool , England.
An alternative but related hypothesis , proposed to explain the presence of life on Earth so soon after the planet had cooled down , with apparently very little time for prebiotic evolution , is that life formed first on early Mars.
Therefore , like many other female writers , Austen published anonymously.
On the good days , Dylan would sing songs to him , and at the beginning Guthrie seemed to warm to Dylan . When the bad days came Guthrie would berate Dylan and it is said that on Dylan 's last visit Guthrie didn't recognize him.
The older tribes fared well.
The western half of the range lies in Ventura County , and the eastern half of the range lies in Los Angeles County.
This film was nominated for Filmfare Awards 1995 in four categories : Best Film , Best Director , Best Actor and Best Comedian.
Thus , Yoshi was born.
For the first time in many years , Jason has no fame or reputation to rely on.
Progressive bluegrass is one of two major subgenres of bluegrass music.
Beuchat is an international company.
Almost without exception , Welsh speakers in Wales also speak English.
Inglis describes the early Carrow Road as comprising `` a Main Stand , a covered end terrace and two large open banks ''.
However , the two younger tribes could not get anything done.
If any Man shall steal any Thing in the Company , or game , to the Value of a Piece of Eight , he shall be marooned or shot.
He was 72 years old.
My friend did the same.
Johnson was born in New York City , but his family returned to Britain soon afterwards , as his mother had yet to take her Oxford University final exams.
However , Tutmarc 's inventions never caught the public imagination , and little further development of the instrument took place until the 1950s.
Two men disguised as government officials followed her and the crew and asked for money - at one point even showing a handgun.
One of the earliest companies to take advantage of mineral resources around Ripley was the Butterley Company.
The series ended its seven-year run on May 14 , 2006.
The name Euroa comes from an Aboriginal word in the old local dialect meaning `` joyful ''.
We have the classic Ash responses and things like that . ''
Despite being nicknamed fool 's gold , small quantities of gold are sometimes found associated with pyrite.
The river has two sources.
He coined and popularized the catch phrase `` Turn on , tune in , drop out . ''
The passage of the hurricane left 177 houses without drinking water and left four municipalities without power.
Mowgli begins to run and Baloo pushes Shere Khan away . Mowgli and Shanti run up a staircase , soon being followed by Shere Khan after Baloo tries to stop him again and soon run into a crater and jump across and land on a tiger head statue.
And Lord , haste the day when my faith shall be sight , The clouds be rolled back as a scroll ; The trump shall resound , and the Lord shall descend , Even so , it is well with my soul.
For this reason , domestic sheep on normal pasture begin to slowly decline from four years on , and the average life expectancy of a sheep is 10 to 12 years , though some sheep may live as long as 20 years.
He that shall have the Misfortune to lose a Limb in time of Engagement , shall have the Sum of Six hundred pieces of Eight , and remain aboard as long as he shall think fit.
It was one of the first animated Disney films to introduce new sound effects for regular use , to replace many of their original classic sounds , which would be used occasionally in later Disney movies.
Flock dynamics in sheep are , as a rule , only exhibited in a group of four or more sheep . Fewer sheep may not react as normally expected when alone or with few other sheep.
The antennae are rather long , with the last segment nearly as long as , or sometimes significantly longer than , the first segment ; the antennae are nearly as long as the fly 's face.
The moves that one Pokémon may learn are different from another depending on the species of Pokémon ; even those that evolve from others do not necessarily learn all the same moves that their predecessors learn.
One early document discussing Hafez ' life is the preface of his Divān , which was written by an unknown contemporary of Hafez whose name may have been Moḥammad Golandām.
Water leaving the wheel or turbine is drained through a tail race , but this channel may also be the head race of yet another wheel , turbine or mill.
To enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of Zha Fuxi.
But for a very brief introduction by way of an example , see the Water for Life Decade page and click on `` edit '' to see the source text.
He is best known for his time spent with Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Entertainment where he was a fourteen time Hardcore Champion and a two time ECW Champion.
In 1948 he published the critically acclaimed story `` A Perfect Day for Bananafish '' in The New Yorker magazine , which became home to much of his subsequent work.
There has been much work on this topic over the years , but an interesting new idea is that meteorites may have introduced reactive phosphorus species on the early earth.
For example , during the last half of the 19th century , many grist mills were built at Saint Anthony Falls , utilizing the 50-foot drop in the Mississippi River.
Many countries issue only one passport to each national . When passport holders apply for a new passport , they may be required to surrender the old passport for invalidation.
Sanrio 's best known character is Hello Kitty , a white cat with red bow and no visible mouth , one of the most successful marketing brands in the world.
Luis was the first L name to be retired since 1954 , and was the first Atlantic hurricane name to be retired in three years since Hurricane Andrew in 1992.
The old portion of the city has many fine Renaissance era buildings decorated with exterior frescos and sculpture , as well as the impressive old canton fortress , the Munot.
In Homer , Rhea is the mother of the gods , though not a universal mother like Cybele , the Phrygian Great Mother , with whom she was later identified.
But he added the scale of the disaster was such that `` we can't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs ''.
The months in the first half of the year all have 31 days , to take into account the slower movement of the sun across the ecliptic at this time.
She recorded `` Don't Explain '' , `` Big Stuff '' , `` You Better Go Now '' , and `` What is This Thing Called Love ? ''.
Hercules begins relating how the fire had vanished from the Earth and that Deianeira 's village needed fire , and how he got the fire back from Hera 's temple.
Their work with the abolitionist society helped attract thousands of women in New England to the movement , as many came to hear Sarah and Angelina speak at public lectures.
Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory ; their long , narrow snouts offer very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water.
The lists are used in rotating order without regard to year ; the first name for a new year is the next name that was not used the previous year.
He collaborated on Phillip 's book and provided the first descriptions of and names for many Australian bird species ; its name is Latin for `` fast-footed New Hollander ''.
On the showdown , each player plays the best poker hand they can make from the seven cards comprising his two hole cards and the five community cards . A player may use both of his own two hole cards , only one , or none at all , to form his final five-card hand.
At the end of the summer , small white flowers full of nectar appear . These attract bees , hence the genus name Melissa.
Lobsters are omnivores , and typically eat live prey such as fish , mollusks , other crustaceans , worms , and some plant life.
He was followed by Crates of Thebes who gave away a large fortune so he could live a life of Cynic poverty in Athens.
All common water machines until the late 19th century were basically reaction machines ; water pressure head acted on the machine and produced work.
The officers warn that Billy may cause trouble , but Vere dismisses their fears and expresses his love for the men under his command.
She won two NZ Music Awards ; ` Best Female Solo Artist ' and 42 Below ` Best Selling Album in New Zealand '.
Alexis Clairaut was the first to think of polar coordinates in three dimensions , and Leonhard Euler was the first to actually develop them.
On the other hand , if you would just like them to be moved back , then by all means ask at Requested moves.
A place frequently visited by schoolchildren , it has little to offer by way of entertainment apart from a structure shaped like a shoe.
In the same series , he reflected upon his lost friends and the moment when he came face to face with a German soldier.
Therefore , the spiny mouse should never be picked up by its tail and should be handled with care to avoid a degloving injury.
His trademark hit songs include `` Indian Outlaw '' , `` Don't Take the Girl '' , `` I Like It , I Love It '' , `` Something Like That '' , `` It 's Your Love '' , and `` Live Like You Were Dying ''.
The first `` true '' seeds are described from the upper Devonian , which is probably the theater of their true first evolutionary radiation.
During these one thousand and one nights , the King had fallen in love with Scheherazade , and had had three sons with her.
Silt is easily transported in water or other liquids and is fine enough to be carried long distances by air as ` dust '.
Although Connecticut has easy access to the Atlantic , between Long Island Sound and Block Island Sound , Connecticut has no direct ocean coast.
Spassky won the Soviet Chess Championship twice outright , and twice more lost in playoffs , after tying for first during the event proper.
Some frequently-occurring examples of these three classes are shown below , with live cells shown in black , and dead cells shown in white.
Lawrence conducted Pacific bird surveys for Spencer Fullerton Baird and John Cassin , and the three men co-authored Birds of North America in 1858.
Another reason for the decline of Volapük may have been the rise of Esperanto . In 1887 , the first Esperanto book was published.
A baker 's dozen , long dozen , long measure , or Roughrider 's dozen is 13 , one more than a standard dozen.
The vehicle must be returned in a good condition and must not exceed a maximum driven distance , otherwise extra fees may be incurred.
Soon afterwards , the company promoted two ECW reunion shows for ECW Alumni entitled , ECW One Night Stand in 2005 and in 2006.
The main difference between early water turbines and water wheels is a swirl component of the water which passes energy to a spinning rotor.
The eastern part is lower , and is a well known wine region . The German Wine Route passes through the Palatinate wine region.
The hash sign has two horizontal lines and two slanted lines , while the sharp sign has two vertical lines and two slanted lines.
The connotation is a symbol of love and affection , not in the way of a rose , but a symbol of true love.
Mithaecus 's cookbook was an early one , but most of it has been lost ; Athenaeus quotes one short recipe in his Deipnosophistae.
For the latter a bag may have one or two handles ; a shoulder bag has a strap to carry it on the shoulder.
Jonas Renkse of Katatonia , a long-time friend of Åkerfeldt , suggested writing music for two separate albums - one heavy and one soft.
Protons are composed of two up quarks and one down quark , while a neutron consists of one up quark and two down quarks.
The first half of the draft was televised live on TNN for two hours , as part of WWE 's flagship program , Raw.
Since their formation , Ensiferum has released four full-length albums , one EP , one compilation , three singles , and three demo albums.
Rice-Oxley 's and Chaplin 's mothers had become friends as Rice-Oxley 's brother was born soon after Chaplin , with their mothers becoming friends.
Discs one and two contain the full ` Piper ' album in the original mono mix , as well as the alternate stereo version.
Like Mother , Mother 3 has only a loose connection to EarthBound , starring new characters , though it does include several returning characters.
Of the three instruments built , only the last one , made by Theremin in 1978 for his niece Lydia Kavina , survives today.
Phagocytes occur in many species ; some amoebae behave like macrophage phagocytes , which suggests that phagocytes appeared early in the evolution of life.
Her other four siblings are Jeb Bush , Neil Bush , Marvin Bush , and Robin Bush , who died of leukemia in 1953.
Keynes was the first born , and was followed by two more children - Geoffrey Keynes in 1887 and Margaret Neville Keynes in 1890.
Victor Hugo 's first mature work of fiction appeared in 1829 , and reflected the acute social conscience that would infuse his later work.
Long Eaton has two state secondary schools , The Long Eaton School and Wilsthorpe Business and Enterprise College as well as several primary schools.
If you want to use this template first set up a new template for your squad , typically called something like Template : squad.
He was the first person to land a quadruple salchow in competition and the first person to land three quadruple jumps in one program.
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo , winning none.
Nur ad-Din Abd ar-Rahman Jami was one of the greatest Persian poets in the 15th century and one of the last great Sufi poets.
The client may make many changes to a datum in the cache , and then explicitly notify the cache to write back the datum.
Adelong is one of the only two gold mining areas in New South Wales known to have employed a steam locomotive on its tramways.
The answer follows if the car is placed randomly behind any door , the host must open a door revealing a goat regardless of the player 's initial choice and , if two doors are available , chooses which one to open randomly.
Instead , remembering something an enemy demigod said , Percy makes the gods promise on the River Styx that they will recognize all of their children by the time they turn 13 and that they will end the pact of the Big Three.
Munro did not set any measure of topographic prominence by which a peak qualified as a separate mountain , and much debate has since taken place over how distinct two hills must be if they are to be considered as two separate Munros.
According to Livy , Hannibal much later said that when he came upon his father and begged to go with him , Hamilcar agreed and demanded him to swear that as long as he lived he would never be a friend of Rome.
Developed from three stage shows and a six episode radio series , it has since spawned a total of twenty television episodes for BBC Three and two live tours of the UK , as well as two live shows in the United States.
They are limited to two color combinations so far , and can sing three new songs and dance.
It was the first time in Universal 's 26-year history that it had borrowed money for a production.
Komodo dragons have long been great zoo attractions , where their size and reputation make them popular exhibits.
Every time the measurements are repeated , there will be another value for the mean of the sample.
The roots of Armenian duduk music go back to the times of the Armenian king Tigran the Great.
Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23.
Herr Drosselmeyer has brought to the party three life-size dolls , which each take a turn to dance.
In 1795 he ran away for the last time , forming a gang of runaways in the process.
Someone who makes bows is known as a bowyer , and one who makes arrows is a fletcher.
I hope the world will let him go in peace to build an honorable life and reputation . ''
Most of the new wind capacity added in the last two years has been in the Abilene-Sweetwater area.
`` If I Never See Your Face Again '' is a song written by Maroon 5 members Adam Levine and James Valentine for Maroon 5 's second studio album , It Won't Be Soon Before Long.
One turn at bat for each team constitutes an inning ; nine innings make up a professional game.
The Normal School Act of 1857 was passed on the last day of session on 20 May 1857.
Over time the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River.
The first use of `` taupe '' as a color name in English was in the early 1800s.
Duck Hunt was one of the two original pack-in titles for the first release of the game system.
One way to think about mental health is by looking at how effectively and successfully a person functions.
The story begins many years ago in the Cretaceous era when much of England was under the sea.
To do this , the bats crush open the fruit and eat the parts that satisfy their hunger.
It took place on March 31 , 1985 at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York.
Johnny and Louise Bundy had more children , whom the young Bundy spent much of his time babysitting.
On her own time , she took some memorable photographs during the Great Depression of people from all economic and social classes . Collections of her photographs were published as One Time , One Place and Photographs.
Many chords can be played with exactly the same notes in more than one place on the fretboard.
On arrival at Port Jackson , half naked convicts were lying without bedding , too ill to move.
The official national language is Mandarin Chinese though the majority also speak Taiwanese and many also speak Hakka.
Given the rest of these selected verses `` And the lord provided a great fish for Jonah , and it swallowed him , and Jonah sat in the belly of the fish for three days and nights.
Many of the neighborhoods in Malden take their name and identity from the Square they are centered around.
After taking a break in 1996 , Green Day began to work on a new album in 1997.
The major categories of hunting dogs include hounds , terriers , cur type dogs , and gun dogs.
Cinderella II : Dreams Come True is the first direct-to-video film sequel to the 1950 Disney film Cinderella.
Araluen experienced a great population increase during the gold rush and is also home to author Jackie French.
Her first solo album Into The West went platinum in its first week of sales in New Zealand.
These new words are first published in `` HolQeD '' , and then at the KLI 's website.
Today Görlitz and Zgorzelec , two towns on opposite banks of the narrow river , get along well.
Cory 's new best friends are Newt Livingston , the son of the Chief Justice and a U.S. senator , and Meena Paroom , daughter to the Bahavian Ambassador . Thus , Cory begins a new life.
If one did not have a teacher , then one had to work out the rhythm by themselves.
Chris won the last two immunity challenges , and ultimately took Twila with him into the final two.
Washing is one way of cleaning , namely with water and often some kind of soap or detergent.
Byzantine Christians call this day `` Holy and Great Friday '' , or simply `` Great Friday ''.
Many Southern writers , like Simms , soon wrote their own books in opposition to Stowe 's novel.
It watches hosts and services , alerting users when things go wrong and again when they get better.
The two subsequently started their own company , Klasky Csupo , which produced many popular animated television shows.
Jeter 's home run was called by one of his Yankee predecessors at shortstop , broadcaster Phil Rizzuto.
He that sees a Sail first , shall have the best Pistol or Small Arm aboard of her.
The female potoroos can have two babies in a year , while carrying only one at a time.
Leon Trotsky soon reformed the Red Army , concluding the first of two military alliances with the anarchists.
Hiking is one of the fundamental outdoor activities on which many others are based . Many beautiful places can only be reached overland by hiking , and enthusiasts regard hiking as the best way to see nature.
V. He that is found Guilty of Gaming , or Defrauding one another to the value of a Royal of Plate , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.
When they are brought to Dr. Valentine , the head scientist , he is acting like a dog.
Judgment Day is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced every May by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment.
Cliff is eleven years old and the oldest of six children in his family who live in Ballingsford.
The article remains open to editing , but courteous users should leave it alone until you 're done.
The name of the collection is Egérie and it is the first one to include watches for women.
Homer is at first devastated , but decides that he must be a good father and support Bart.
The first two seasons appeared first in syndication ; seasons 3 and 4 appeared on the PAX network.
Drummer Brandon Barnes did not come into the picture until 2001 along with the band name Rise Against.
It is a large scoria volcano with two craters , which last erupted about one million years ago.
The name comes from the fact that many of the original Polly Pocket dolls came in pocket-size cases.
Fitzgerald married at least twice , and there is evidence that she may have married a third time.
It is observed in all mammals , all birds , and many reptiles , amphibians , and fish.
Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate , combining chocolate with sugar.
In 2002 , Powell 's was cited by USA Today as one of America 's 10 best bookstores.
Csupó reasons that the movie `` deals with so many issues including friendship , and maybe first innocent love , things like that '' , so it `` made more sense '' to make the characters older.
Little by little , the devotion to the Sacred Heart became a separate one , and on August 31 , 1670 , the first feast of the Sacred Heart was celebrated in the Grand Seminary of Rennes.
A few years later Palahniuk managed to make his first New York Times bestseller , the novel Choke.
It hit Long Island , New York on September 23 , causing damage and destruction throughout New England.
Bai Chongxi Born Chongxi Bai was born in Guilin , Guangxi Province and given the courtesy name Jiansheng.
Vaginal fingering can end in orgasm ; it also may or may not constitute the entire sexual encounter.
Periodically he would organize a new band and play a jazz festival or go on an international tour.
They are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly.
An alternate name , Microcoryphia comes from the Greek micro meaning `` small '' and coryphia meaning head.
As of 2009 , Rise Against has released five studio albums , two EPs , and one DVD.
The Draft took place live for three hours on WWE 's flagship program , Raw on USA Network.
Almost every modern piano has 36 black keys and 52 white keys for a total of 88 keys.
The word ` megalith ' comes from the Ancient Greek megas meaning great , and lithos meaning stone.
In the 1850s the many gold prospectors passed through headed for gold fields at Lambing Flat and Grenfell.
He set major works in 1877 , one a long poem of the Maithili style pioneered by Vidyapati.
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class number.
For the guitar manufacturer see Carvin Corporation . For the late New Orleans political consultant see Jim Carvin.
The front cover must present the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and visible.
R&B singer Amerie is another famous Afro-Asian American , with her father being black and her mother Korean.
The receiving partner lies on their back with legs apart , while the penetrating partner lies on top.
Soon after , three more houses were furnished , growing the total of children cared for to 130.
From there , they must find a way to survive , as well as a method of escape.
It took place at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York on March 20 , 1994.
Other vehicles spent time in London and the last vehicles could be found there in the early 1990s.
Finally , the handle of a mug keeps the hand away from the hot sides of a mug.
The sabre target covers everything above the waist , except the hands and the back of the head.
In the 2006 NBA Playoffs , the Miami Heat would go on to win their first NBA Championship.
All the men in Stowe 's novel are representations of either one kind of man or the other.
Old Persian subsequently evolved into Middle Persian , which is in turn the nominal ancestor of New Persian.
Children often receive red envelopes emblazoned with the Takarabune which contain gifts of money around the New Year.
In addition , many home Hi-Fi and car stereo head units are now equipped with a USB port.
He also worked on Velocity and Heat shows while touring as the full time Raw live event announcer.
The brand is also used for the broadcast of children 's programs on BBC One and BBC Two.
This in turn could endanger water supplies from Pitt Lake as well as fisheries on the Pitt River.
Katonah , New York is one of three unincorporated hamlets within the town of Bedford , Westchester County.
Dog drivers , however , have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreds as sled dogs.
The affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle class.
Claudius also suffered setbacks in his personal life , one of which may have led to his murder.
A Reading Time for 20 minutes every day is designed to help students to cultivate a reading habit.
Exact numbers are difficult to estimate , but approximately one in a thousand sports main parachute openings malfunction , and must be cut away , although some skydivers have many hundreds of jumps and never cut away.
IGN also said that Meowth would make a good choice as a playable character in Super Smash Bros..
Love died on June 21 , 2008 , of congestive heart failure , in Poughkeepsie , New York.
The National Hockey League 's Pacific Division is one of three divisions that make up the Western Conference.
On 18 October 1967 , Venera 4 became the first spacecraft to measure the atmosphere of another planet.
There are two other families of pitcher plants , but both contain just one or two carnivorous species.
Born in New York City , Hilton is the oldest of four children of Richard and Kathy Hilton.
One or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis.
She was also the first woman to play full time professional hockey in a position other than goalie.
The precocious passion and eloquence of Hugo 's early work brought success and fame at an early age.
Many of WCW 's top wrestlers had contracts with AOL Time Warner , WCW 's parent company , and were willing to sit at home rather than wrestle for less money.
Nevertheless , it didn't take long for Caesar to abscond again ; on 22 December he ran away from the island with a week 's worth of food by canoe.
He made another bad start at the Moscow 1925 chess tournament , and could only fight back to third place , two points behind Bogoljubow and 1/2 point behind Emanuel Lasker.
Day is known as `` Martin Luther King Day '' , while in New Hampshire , its official name is `` Martin Luther King , Jr. . Civil Rights Day ''.
His first appearance was in the first book of the series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone as the best friend of the protagonist Harry Potter and Hermione Granger.
To make the show more interesting , the aliens release a new version of the popular soft drink Buzz Cola that makes people go insane , into Springfield 's water supply.
It is one of the first North American bird species to lay eggs , and normally has two to three broods per breeding season , which lasts from April to July.
The Atlantic Standard Time Zone is a geographical region that keeps time by subtracting four hours from either Coordinated Universal Time or Greenwich Mean Time , resulting in UTC-4 or GMT-4.
In 2008 , end of season renovation , coupled with an early start to the football season , meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first home fixture.
Like much of the Abbottabad area , the terrain and layout of land make Baldheri a very beautiful place , with fresh water streams running down from the hills and mountains.
At this time , the ground 's capacity was 38,000 , with 10,000 of `` the more vociferous of the home and away supporters '' , in the new Barclay end.
On February 15 , 2008 , Activision announced that one of their two new Guitar Hero installments would be Guitar Hero : Aerosmith , and would be released in June 2008.
Most litters are of one or two young , which stay in the pouch for 80 or 90 days , and first emerge from the nest about three weeks after that.
A month before touring for Louder Than Love commenced , bassist Hiro Yamamoto , who was becoming frustrated that he wasn't contributing much , left to go back to college.
This powder - much like the instant cocoa powder used today - was easier to stir into milk and water , and led to another very important discovery : solid chocolate.
Many of the president 's biblical references in his comments to Dr. Jacobs appear to have come from an open letter to Dr. Schlessinger , circulated online in early May 2000.
Their credits include the three Austin Powers films , Boiler Room , Prime , Must Love Dogs , and Memento for which she won an Independent Spirit Award for best film.
This song was adopted as the national anthem on May 11 , 1813 , three years after the `` May Revolution '' ; May 11 is therefore Anthem Day in Argentina.
Although any one instruction takes just as long to complete the CPU as a whole `` retires '' instructions much faster and can be run at a much higher clock speed.
This work was highly valued by many of Dee 's contemporaries , but the loss of the secret oral tradition of Dee 's milieu makes the work difficult to interpret today.
Good fliers like flies or honey bees , or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies , have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives acute vision.
Welch has stated although she would like to tour the United States she is fearful of becoming homesick due to the length of time it would take to tour the country.
Thompson set a new record by winning his fourth Vezina Trophy , which was his last victory . He was also named to the First All-Star team for the second time.
Schigolch goes to buy train tickets , and left alone with Alwa , Lulu seduces him again , they declare their love for each other and agree to go away together.
At the same time they announced that the new alliance would be open to all republics of the former Soviet Union , as well as other nations sharing the same goals.
The Deputy Commissioner , Miles Irving , did not know the background of these two men and suspected a deeper conspiracy , and so ordered the arrest of the two men.
At the same time , Charles de Valois entered Florence with Black Guelphs , who in the next six days destroyed much of the city and killed many of their enemies.
This was the first Disney movie to make heavy use of computer animation , since previous films The Black Cauldron and The Great Mouse Detective used it only for special sequences.
Another new friend comes in the form of Miss Margaret Larner , who he later discovers to be the `` torch '' who helped him to be born so many years ago , and with whom he has been strangely linked since that day.
Latvia and Poland attended the Summer Olympic Games for the first time.
Merkel is the first woman , the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest post-war German chancellor.
A syncarpous gynoecium can sometimes appear very much like a monocarpous gynoecium.
In November 2004 , Geronimo released her second album , Sweet Sixteen , with How Could You Say You Love Me as the first single.
Christians , through faith in the working of God are spiritually resurrected with Jesus so that they may walk in a new way of life.
The new spa complex out of town is called Therme Bad Wörishofen.
This meant that Raw was live one week and taped the next.
D'Artagnan is not one of the musketeers of the title ; those are his friends Athos , Porthos , and Aramis ; inseparable friends who live by the motto `` all for one , one for all ''.
White was born in his grandfather 's vicarage at Selborne in Hampshire.
On 20 May 2008 , a fire broke out at the Philharmonie.
The sports days take places on the Yuen Wo Road Sports Ground.
This would mark the first time in recorded history that two tropical cyclones have been seen during the same year in the South Atlantic , and may be considered to make up the 2003-04 South Atlantic hurricane season.
It was nominated for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.
In appearance it looks like a smaller version of the Large White.
As he leaves this valley the sun rises on a new day.
The society of the day held that reward without labor was misguided.
The team first out of the hat in each tie plays the first leg of their tie at home , and the second leg away.
Here is a picture of what the cab may have looked like.
She has spent much of her adult life in the entertainment industry.
Chosen-ciphertext attacks , like other attacks , may be adaptive or non-adaptive.
The name is a portmanteau of the Spanish words escopeta and guitarra.
Gabriel 's men take over the facility and start downloading a copy.
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums.
Heimskringla is the best known of the Old Norse kings ' sagas.
`` The Best Damn Thing '' is the fourth and final single from Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne 's third studio album The Best Damn Thing.
The way we know sensible objects is called `` sensible intuition ''.
They sit facing one another , with the student copying the master.
Almost every single Pokémon move is also of one of these types.
He arrived back in Altenberg `` with manuscript and bird intact . ''
They were mainly single units but one was a three-car articulated set.
The best way to do it is to put the structure on a shake-table that simulates the earth shaking and watch what may happen next.
Lake Ontario is one of the five Great Lakes of North America.
Many of the original companies stayed , while new ones moved in.
The video begins with Rihanna and two her friends arriving at a club where everybody is bored and not dancing because of the low music.
The area is one of the largest shopping districts in New England.
Dog droppings are one of the leading sources of E. coli bacterial pollution : One gram of dog feces contains over 20,000,000 E. coli cells.
They had one son , Schuyler Colfax III , born in 1870.
The language is also one of the many official languages in India.
Wular Lake is one of the largest fresh water lakes in Asia.
A few animals have `` dog '' in their common names but are not canids , such as the prairie dog and the dog fish.
The Muslim dates are in the Islamic calendar extended back in time.
She lives in New York City with her husband and two daughters.
They may also be taught to physically alert to and/or lead away from a sound , such as in the case of a fire alarm.
The caterpillar is banded with yellow , black , and white stripes.
A reaction turbine needs to fully contain the water during energy transfer.
However , today the last week of Oktoberfest is still in October.
Energy transfer is the transfer of energy from one body to another.
There are three living species and two extinct species in this genus.
Pikaia may have filtered particles from the water as it swam along.
Originally , Mošovce was made up of two settlements : The first one , Machyuch , was located in the area of today 's Starý Rad , and the second one , Terra Moys , which gave the village its current name , occupied the place of the present day Vidrmoch.
The tokkōtai pilot 's manual told pilots never to close their eyes.
However , once new owners V2001 had taken care of the financing , work was finally begun on finishing the second half of the stand.
It is a large , crow-sized falcon , with a blue-gray back , barred white underparts , and a black head and `` moustache ''.
Much of the crew 's work consists of cargo runs or smuggling.
This type of system is widely used today in many multi-bladed helicopters.
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around Ibbenbüren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century.
The album was another success , selling over two million copies worldwide.
Many also have a simple gut and a mouth with a radula.
Milk somehow promotes WikiLove and hopefully this has made your day better.
The first session was presided over by the Soviet judge , Nikitchenko.
The studio host and analysts vary every night on NBA Gametime Live.
Wise is a town in Wise County , Virginia , United States.
A friend or relative may have assaulted the victim in her sleep.
Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings.
See the prefix index for the templates latently called by this one.
The APT-E consisted of two driving power cars and two trailer cars.
He is a prominent member of the Bush family : the younger brother of former President George W. Bush ; the older brother of Neil Bush , Marvin Bush and Dorothy Bush Koch ; and the second son of former President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush.
Dollman 's Tree Mouse Dollman 's Vlei Rat are named after him.
Two large samples of Spanish children were assessed with a 30-year gap.
Despite being classed as a new town , Irvine has had a long history stretching back many centuries and was classed as a Royal Burgh.
Takamoto first entered the cartoon world after the end of the war.
It is prevalent within every section and every level of the society.
Miley 's best friends are classmates Lilly Truscott and Oliver Oken who both learn her secret and help her keep it from their other classmates.
However , Bart breaks his promise and goes to jump the gorge.
The importance of visual input for balance is illustrated by its being harder to stand on one foot with eyes closed than with eyes open.
The name of the state was taken from Monte Roraima , whose name comes from the Pemon words `` roroi '' and `` ma ''.
Under the sea , hydrothermal vents may form features called black smokers.
The Southampton Tramways Company was formed to build a new tramway system.
Banana bread is a type of bread that contains mashed yellow bananas.
Gulfport is also the East Coast home to the US Navy Seabees.
Lampard has two children , Luna and Isla , with Elen Rives.
The Christmas Island Pipistrelle has declined dramatically in the last two decades.
The Hardy brothers eventually caught the eyes of the World Wrestling Federation.
Typically this organ is located in the tail of the electric fish.
This was the fourth time that the name Harvey had been used to name a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic and the sixth time worldwide.
South Africa maintained its white supremacist-like Apartheid system until the early 1990s.
One passenger reported sea water in the cabin at about 03:00 UTC.
His appendix would likely have burst on its own without the trauma.
Many embraced Jacobitism because they believed parliamentary interference with monarchical succession to be illegitimate , and many Catholics hoped the Stuarts would end discriminatory laws.
They are held annually and include , in chronological order , the Australian Open , the French Open , Wimbledon , and the US Open.
Short-beaked Echidnas can live anywhere that has a good supply of food.
Weismann was one of the first biologists to deny soft inheritance entirely.
When the electricity demands drop , the dam simply stores more water.
Many expatriates and well heeled Singaporeans tend to stay in this region.
However , is blue , and some people may not like blue.
The company was incorporated as Universal Pictures Company , Inc. in 1925.
The Forester enters and lies down against a tree for a nap.
Lovins has also acted as a consultant to many Fortune 500 companies.
Some days later , one patron attempted to remove the work from the gallery wall , and two teenagers later attacked it with a hammer.
A number of words end in the word '' - polis ''.
However , Google continues to index the new page content under the old page name , apparently regarding the new page as a more-recent duplicate.
The band arrives in two ambulances and takes them away in bathtubs.
Due to the two different regions there are two different record charts.
On the second day , he discovered that when he made the fire hotter with bellows , certain stones sweated iron , silver or gold.
John Paul I was the first Pope born in the 20th century.
In the old texts , 18 or 20 early schools are mentioned.
Jack is Barbossa 's pet capuchin monkey , named after Jack Sparrow.
The marriage to Cosima lasted to the end of Wagner 's life.
The fore wing is white with a variable amount of black spots.
Lake Huron is one of the five Great Lakes of North America.
They do not want that and nothing you do , however many of us you kill , will stop that flight to our city where freedom is strong and where people can live in harmony with one another.
It was the first release to include the new Fedora Extras repository.
It features five live tracks filmed during the Louder Than Love tour.
The host would introduce the contestant or ask their name and hometown.
During his time as a Black Dragon , Park earned top marksmanship decorations in every long-range category , as well as SCUBA and parachute qualifications.
Their mother Gaia , come to their aid , can do nothing and must watch them twist in pain under the blows of the gods.
None of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed.
The system shuts down between midnight and 06:00 every day for maintenance.
Terms are words and compound words that are used in specific contexts.
In other words , the presence of life itself makes the search for the origin of life dependent on the sterile conditions of the laboratory.
Two federal Migratory Bird Sanctuaries were founded on the island in 1961.
Following the 1966 season , Switzer moved to the University of Oklahoma as an assistant coach under new Head Coach and good friend Jim Mackenzie.
The Hawaiian name `` Mauna Loa '' means `` Long Mountain ''.
Many posters , particularly early posters , were used for advertising products.
The name predates the well known mall built near the condominium developments.
In the central Pacific , one hurricane and one tropical depression formed.
Huxley had little formal schooling and taught himself almost everything he knew.
His first tragedy took place in 235 BC . Plautus would have been living at the exact time as Naevius , but began writing later.
He allowed 22 hits , 1 home run , and 9 walks.
He even says , `` I was in love with love . ''
Some nudibranchs have smooth or warty backs and have no visible gill mechanism , such that respiration may likely take place directly through the skin.
A square is defined by the name of piece or empty parameter.
This template returns the number of full years between two specified dates.
He that shall be found guilty of taking up any Unlawful Weapon on Board the Privateer or any other prize by us taken , so as to Strike or Abuse one another in any regard , shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall see fit.
One way to classify jumping is by the manner of foot transfer.
2101 Adonis was one of the first near-Earth asteroids to be discovered.
In his spare time he copied the old masters in the Louvre.
Dante had already fallen in love with another woman , Beatrice Portinari.
The thing that interests me is that children are at the vanguard.
The great white shark , Carcharodon carcharias , also known as great white , white pointer , white shark , or white death , is a large lamniform shark found in coastal surface waters in all major oceans . The great white shark is very well known for its size , because it can exceed 6 m in length and 2240 k in weight.
Tegan first appears in the Fourth Doctor 's last serial , Logopolis.
`` Fell on Black Days '' was written by frontman Chris Cornell.
The Hunchaks feared that this disregard would only escalate as time past.
`` Priest '' , `` Mother 's Day '' , and `` Lullaby '' were originally recorded on his first CD A Little Bit Special.
From the 16th century onwards linen production was established little by little.
Her live show Elle McFeast Live is best known for the incident when Chopper Read appeared drunk on her first show on 18 March 1998.
Tommy finally decides that the magic marble is not worth the trouble.
And how many is many ? While it may well be true that millions of Yankees fans and hundreds of baseball experts would , if asked , name the Yankees as the best baseball team in history , the statement , as it stands , is too vague to be informative.
Founded in 1855 , Bates was New England 's first coeducational college.
Two of his children , Thomas and Catherine , died in 1812.
If you would like to experiment further , please use the sandbox.
At one time , he received a seven-inch gash in his leg.
Eisenstein toured the American South , on his way to New York.
He also finished first team all-ACC during his final two college seasons.
He was born in 633/632 BC and his birth name was Shallum.
The name impala comes from the Zulu language meaning `` Gazelle ''.
Note that Adrastea is now the name of another satellite of Jupiter.
The times with Christ in these days have been unusually sweet . ''
In the struggle , the building catches fire and the survivors flee.
In Romanian traditions , mistletoe is considered a source of good fortune.
He come to stuff the goddamn bat right up your ass . ''
If you would like to experiment again , please use the sandbox.
This is the material that stains one 's skin when handling KMnO4.
The first white settlers , the Ruffy brothers , arrived in 1836.
He had married in 1891 and left a widow and two children.
In practice such penal colonies may be little more than slave communities.
The Quokka was one of the first Australian mammals seen by Europeans.
A maximum of nine players are allowed to field at one time.
Peacock terms are especially hard to deal with without using weasel words.
In the ten playoff games prior to the cancellation , Vézina had won six games , lost three and tied one , with one shutout.
Like white tigers , strawberry tigers are invariably at least part Bengal.
A fire of unknown cause in 1390 destroyed much of the Altstadt.
Abyss returned to action at Slammiversary after the X Division Championship match wearing a white asylum uniform with his inmate number and his last name ` Park ' on the back and a new gray and black mask.
They were all curious about what was beneath the water and one day Dayuni ` si , the water beetle , volunteered to explore it.
India is home to two major linguistic families : Indo-Aryan and Dravidian.
Today a great number of small and middle-sized businesses dominate the economy.
On one adventure they find a woman 's purse in the sewer.
Rice was President Bush 's National Security Advisor during his first term.
The Great Prince takes Bambi to a forest glade , saying that this was the place where he first met Bambi 's mother . Bambi asks what the Great Prince was like when he was Bambi 's age , and the Great Prince says that he was a lot like Bambi.
This must be done prior to the start of the game . ''
In classical economics , capital is one of three factors of production.
Give wikilinked and non-wikilinked names , as well as any possible abbreviations.
Like many Javanese people , he had only one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as ` Achmed Sukarno '.
Lavigne 's mother was the first to spot young Lavigne 's talent.
After that , it would have begun to rain at low altitude.
One of the first records of `` Brunello '' was a red wine that was made in the Montalcino area in the early 14th century.
Females have a blue crown and white throat , breast and belly.
In 2003 , the poetry award was granted for the first time.
It is one of the three ` senior ' non-leagues in Scotland.
The chapters are prayers and songs from the Old and New Testaments.
The team has won three NFL Championships , including one Super Bowl.
Lucario thinks of Sir Aaron as both his master and close friend.
Goldmark came from a large Jewish family , one of 20 children.
This company was well known for its sandal and flip flop selection.
Allison became the first Atlantic tropical storm to have its name retired.
The government runs the Speak Good English Movement to emphasise the point.
Snape was very eager to leave his home to go to Hogwarts.
Three days after being hospitalized , Neruda died of heart failure . Already a legend in life , Neruda 's death reverberated around the world.
His family moved to New York when he was four years old.
If any Man shall lose a Joint in time of an Engagement , shall have 400 Pieces of Eight ; if a Limb , 800.
Back at Thunderbolt 's trailer , Lightning 's true nature is revealed.
His great zoological work , Historiae animalium , appeared in 4 vols.
The wish comes true and gets the Flanders family into financial troubles.
They gave the new element the name brevium ; the name was changed to protoactinium in 1918 when two groups of scientists independently discovered Pa-231.
Minnie Mouse is an animated character created by The Walt Disney Company.
Most new residents are thought to have come from St. Bernard Parish.
These chemicals may come from bacteria or from other phagocytes already present.
A hunting dog refers to any dog who assists humans in hunting.
Aswan is one of the driest inhabited places in the world ; as of early 2001 , the last rain there was six years earlier.
However , the storm passed well to the south with little effect.
Principal photography was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days.
Her time with the Goddards would once again prove to be short.
He was one of the greatest contributors to the Great American Songbook.
Once a female honey badger comes into heat , courtship is energetic.
This would allow up to four instructions to be `` in flight '' at one time , making the processor look four times as fast.
The Assembly set the end of its term for 29 September 1791.
Jyväskylä harbor is home for many passenger ships operating on lake Päijänne.
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set.
Some words will , when transformed with ROT13 , produce another word.
Some odd-toed ungulates have one hoof on each foot ; others have three hoofed or heavily nailed toes , or one hoof and two dew-claws.
Every morning after breakfast there was a time of Bible reading and prayer , and every child was given a Bible upon leaving the orphanage.
Juveniles and adult males are much smaller and do not make bolas.
Lake Victoria or Victoria Nyanza is one of the African Great Lakes.
In 2006 , the bourse is at the first time in Berlin.
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed.
Today , there are many successful Boeremusiek bands that have recorded albums.
DNA samples would be required when pet licenses come up for renewal.
They also performed well on secondary and inter-regional services for many years.
Astronomical work also required fine computations , and in 19th century Germany a steel slide rule about 2 meters long was used at one observatory.
John Rolfe was one of the early English settlers of North America.
They may also work outside the home , alerting to such sounds such as sirens , forklifts and a person calling the handler 's name.
It is one of the most abundant bird species in the world.
Most toppings are added without much cooking , although some are deep-fried.
Frankfurt International Airport is the single largest place of work in Germany.
She is also the first Indonesian leader to be born after independence.
The term redox comes from the two concepts of reduction and oxidation.
The genre in its current form dates back to the early 1950s.
James is described as one of the first disciples to join Jesus.
Stone tools were made from a variety of different sorts of stone.
Framingham sent two militia companies totaling about 130 men into the Battles of Lexington and Concord that followed ; one of those men was wounded.
Dormant mud volcanoes stand like columns of mud in many other areas.
We ourselves did not think that sympathies would be so intense . ''
The two `` triangles '' border at one point , a quadripoint.
Periophthalmus argentilineatus is one of the most widespread and well known species.
Minnie 's sister , Mandie Mouse was a recurring character early on.
Over time , neutron stars slow down because their rotating magnetic fields radiate energy ; older neutron stars may take several seconds for each revolution.
Several ribosomes may be attached to a single mRNA at any time.
Since germs may remain in the water on the hands it is important to rinse well and wipe dry with a clean towel . After drying , the paper towel should be used to turn off the water.
A few butterflies are also plain-colored , like the Cabbage White butterfly.
The Great Lakes hold 20 % of the world 's fresh water.
Best planted between two and four weeks after the average last frost , Big Max pumpkins typically become ripe 110 to 120 days after sowing.
As of the early 21st century the festival is held in May.
The first thirty locomotives were built by Electroputere in Romania , but these suffered from poor construction standards and many were withdrawn from service early.
For someone like Sarah who is first time to appear and act in a film , she 's good and I 'm proud of her.
Such louvers may be integrated in between two panes of double glazing.
John `` Black '' Caesar is generally regarded as the first bushranger.
This would be the last relocation of an NHL team until 1993.
Echidnas are one of the two types of mammals that lay eggs.
It was founded and run by Sir Frank Williams and Patrick Head.
His mother , whose maiden name was Collins , died in 1885.
One faction proclaimed Ali Mahdi Muhammad president , another Mohamed Farrah Aidid.
Carbonated water is a supersaturated solution of carbon dioxide gas in water.
This can stand alone , though newcomers to the series will race back to the first two volumes and eagerly await a fourth installment . ''
The new license was not at this time given the copyleft label.
She could read and write a little but was much better at needlework and household management , which were considered much more necessary for women.
Kikuyu speak Kikuyu , a Bantu language , as their native tongue.
He wrote many poems afterwards about his daughter 's life and death , and at least one biographer claims he never completely recovered from it.
The friends then go a field , where they drink and laugh.
She was principal for Dramatens elevskola two times ; the first time from 1831 to 1834 , and the second time from 1841 to 1856.
She earned a Master 's Degree in Fine Arts after three years.
The Phoenix Suzaku , Devil God , and Spirit Queen of Fire.
Keynes 's early romantic and sexual relationships were almost exclusively with men.
Despite this , the Hadean environment was one highly hazardous to life.
In a metaphorical sense , much software also has a shelf life.
Carol was the first Atlantic hurricane name in history to be retired.
Arabians are one of the oldest human-developed horse breeds in the world.
Other batteries were located on Middle Head , South Head , Shark Point and Bradleys Head , but none were ever used for combative purposes.
The city has received national recognition as the hometown of former First Lady Laura Bush and the childhood home of former President George W. Bush.
He was allowed to keep a personal guard of six hundred men.
From early 1994 to September 1999 , Raw was shown live on one Monday and then the next day next Monday 's Raw was taped.
The old building was largely destroyed by fire in February of 1939.
The name comes from the gallo-romanic graneca , meaning by the grainery.
Medellín is today a modern city with a population of three million.
They supported White Lies , Friendly Fires and Glasvegas on the tour.
He is perhaps best known for his creation of many Simpsons characters.
The character Angel was first seen in the first episode and became a regular , appearing in the opening credits during Seasons Two and Three.
The name of the new princess is Princess Isabella Henrietta Ingrid Margrethe.
The first , simple optical printers were constructed early in the 1920s.
Seabirds are birds that have adapted to life within the marine environment.
In 1912 the company 's name was changed to The Encyclopedia Press.
This is not likely to take place until after the 2012 Olympics.
Throughout the history of the qinpu , we see many attempts to indicate this rhythm more explicitly , involving devices like dots to make beats.
Fiji One is a Free to Air channel run by Fiji Television.
This makes reading back a conversation quite cumbersome ; having to switch talk pages back and forth in order to make sense of the conversation.
It was there that they decided to find her a new name.
Another change was the improvement of the sound system in the stadium.
Today , it is part of the New York State Canal System.
They have two children : Jayden Will , born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham , London ; and Renee , born in June 2008.
BSELP001 - Driving Insane A. Black Sun Empire - Arrakis B. Black Sun Empire - Don't You C. Black Sun Empire - Breach D. Black Sun Empire - B Negative E. Black Sun Empire - Driving Insane F. Black Sun Empire - The Rat G. Black Sun Empire - Stasis H. Black Sun Empire & Stu - Swipe
Change , or `` away '' , strips have tended to be either white , often with black shorts , or a combination of yellow and black , referring back to the black and gold strips of the pre-war era , although for a time in the 1970s , Aberdeen sported an all-blue change strip with white socks.
All chicks in the brood leave the nest within two days of each other . The altricial chicks are naked and have their eyes closed for the first few days after hatching.
During their first season every home game was sold out , a new MLS record for average match attendance was set , and they sold the most season tickets in the league.
A May Day celebration held annually in New Westminster , British Columbia , Canada has the distinction of being the longest running May Day celebration of its kind in the British Commonwealth.
But there is no doubt that Soest has been inhabited for a long time ; excavations in the last two decades have uncovered signs of habitation stretching back more than 4000 years.
However , the 2004 season exceeded these conventional limits slightly , as Tropical Storm Otto formed on the day before the last day of the season and lasted three days into December.
Many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing.
Fingering typically changes throughout a piece ; the challenge of choosing good fingering for a piece is to make the hand movements as comfortable as possible without changing hand position too often.
Vale fans stood for the last time on Lorne Street at the end of the 1997-98 season , with the stand being demolished before work began on a new # 3,000,000 structure.
To let the Jews to participate in public life is dangerous : throw a piece of mud in a glass of the clearest water - then all the water will be puddled.
Many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they looked like civilian homeless people that uniformed officers would think that they were criminals if they used their guns.
Later he produced a brief synopsis of the six-part film which would come , in one form or another , to be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project.
Once the changeling mother and the changeling have drained the life from the human mother and child , the changeling and its mother begin to search for a new suitable food source.
While early superscalar CPUs would have two ALUs and a single FPU , a modern design such as the PowerPC 970 includes four ALUs , two FPUs , and two SIMD units.
It 's nevertheless heartening to hear Sarah spreading her musical wings by trying new types of songs that wouldn't have been considered in the lineup of her showy first albums . ''
Without the telephone , one could not have a conversation across long distances ; and without the sanctified image in the temple , one can not easily talk with the Deity . ''
In this case , a term like best before see bottom or best before see lid might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated.
The majority of Christians keep Sunday as a day of worship and rest , every week commemorating the resurrection of Jesus on the first day of the week on the Jewish calendar.
The Portuguese Man o ' War is often found with a variety of marine fish , including shepherd fish , clown fish and yellow jack , species that are rarely found elsewhere.
The rules of the Hebrew calendar are designed such that the first day of Rosh Hashanah will never occur on the first , fourth , or sixth day of the Jewish week.
For the first time since 1950 , two American based teams competed for the Stanley Cup and it was the Chicago Black Hawks beating the Detroit Red Wings four games to two.
Pavarotti began his farewell tour in 2004 , at the age of 69 , performing one last time in old and new locations , after more than four decades on the stage.
The Mesolithic or `` Middle Stone Age '' was a period in the development of human technology in between the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age and the Neolithic or New Stone Age.
On day 2 , the castaways were told they would divide into 2 tribes of 9 members each , with the two immunity holders making the first picks for their new tribes.
They do things that little children like to do , such as rolling on the ground , laughing , running about , and watching real children on the televisions on their bellies.
The Cape appeared on early sixteenth century maps as Cape Raso and its name may derive from a cape of the same name at the mouth of the Tagus River in Portugal.
Similarly , some railway timetables show 00:00 as departure time and 24:00 as arrival time . Legal contracts often run from the start date at 00:00 till the end date at 24:00.
`` The advantage of a fictional hero or heroine is that you can know them better than you can know a living hero , many of whom you would never meet if people like Harry and identify with him , I am pleased , because I think he is very likeable . ''
One does not talk to the telephone ; rather the telephone is a way to interact with another person.
It dissolves in water to give intense purple solutions , the evaporation of which gives prismatic purplish-black glistening crystals.
This meant that his father was never paid for his beautiful work , which was soon moved to Bamberg.
Women took part in the games for the first time and Charlotte Cooper became the first female Olympic champion.
But as a result of his research during two years , he has collected only about one hundred words.
Affluenza : When Too Much is Never Enough is a 2005 book by Professor Clive Hamilton and Richard Denniss.
A USB host may have multiple host controllers and each host controller may provide one or more USB ports.
Western European Summer Time is a summer daylight saving time scheme , 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time.
Each segment that has two pairs of legs is a result of two single segments fused together as one.
However , it has come over time to have a much more significant meaning to the player and fans.
An animated Maiasaura appeared in the Great Dinosaur Adventure , an episode of Go , Diego , Go !.
At the end of the season , he was named to the First All-Star team for the first time , and won the Vezina Trophy for the third time , tying George Hainsworth 's all-time mark with three victories.
The three points of the hat represent the donkey 's ears and tail worn by jesters in earlier times.
This was the first time in Survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers.
Their philosophy was that the purpose of life was to live a life of Virtue in agreement with Nature.
His friend George Stillman Hillard encouraged Longfellow in the pursuit : `` I delight to see you keeping up so stout a heart for the resolve to conquer is half the battle in love as well as war ''.
Giardia infects humans , but is also one of the most common parasites infecting cats , dogs and birds.
Then , he asked one little favor - the sweater he had worn in the last world series . ''
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid also won numerous British Academy Film Awards , including Best Film , Best Direction , Best Screenplay , Best Cinematography , Best Actor , and Best Actress for Katharine Ross , among others.
Though their life expectancy in the wild is six years , flying squirrels may live fifteen years in captivity.
Marianne Curley , is an Australian author best known for her Guardians of Time Trilogy and Old Magic books.
A passerine is a bird of the order Passeriformes , which includes more than half of all bird species.
The last battle takes place later in life , after returning to Geatland , where Beowulf has become king.
Flannelette can either have long or short nap , and can be napped on only one or two sides.
It is approximately half way between Sydney and Wollongong , at the southern end of the Royal National Park.
Also , superposition eyes can achieve greater sensitivity than apposition eyes , so are better suited to dark-dwelling creatures.
The bones of the neck indicated that the man spent a lot of time with his head tilted backwards.
Included on album were three new songs : `` Forever or Never '' , a remix of `` Sa.
One coulomb is the amount of electric charge transported in one second by a steady current of one ampere.
This was first pointed out by Ernst Kummer in 1843 , in his work on Fermat 's Last Theorem.
Tor Books is one of two imprints of Tom Doherty Associates , LLC , based in New York City.
They shed their skin in patches like other lizards , rather than the whole skin as most snakes do.
At first , the dog is extremely disobedient , but , at the last minute , passes the test.
The neighboring Talmudic school was demolished so that other new buildings would keep the view of the beach nearby.
See and for examples showing how to cut down to make it do one specific kind of custom search.
Adds zeros to the end of new until it is the same as the negative original without its sign.
In appearance crane flies seem long and gangly , with very long legs , and a long slender abdomen.
Determined to keep his enemies close at hand , Burns rehires Homer , and all is back to normal.
The village has two small supermarkets , two cash dispensing machines , one takeaway food outlet and five restaurants.
Open or anonymising proxies , including Tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time.
In the 1960s , the last surviving Roman bridge was demolished to make way for a modern two-lane bridge.
Most trains either run non-stop between Liverpool Street and Tottenham Hale or make one intermediate stop at Hackney Downs.
Its capacity is three and a half times that of Sydney Harbour and supplies water for irrigation schemes downstream.
Jason at first thinks that he was robbed , but soon discovers that his entire identity has been erased.
Paul Bernard Rodgers is an English rock singer-songwriter best known for being a member of Free and Bad Company.
However , before the punishment is executed two eyewitnesses under oath must say that they saw the person stealing.
The young are usually born in litters of three to seven , after a gestation period of 23 days.
The slipper lobsters are their next closest relatives , and these two or three families make up the Achelata.
The CD was recorded live at Symphony Space in New York City on May 9 and 16 , 2005.
Many compositions include acoustic guitar interludes and strong dynamic shifts , as well as both growling and clean vocals.
However , because of diseases and bad harvests , the last wine grapes were raised in Kreuzlingen in 1938.
It has six rows of black spines and has a pair of long , clubbed spines on the head.
It is 114 m long and highly stylised , the neck , body and tail varying little in width.
The Company was formed in 1865 and continued to produce locomotives and carry out general engineering work until 1965.
Another common use is to let people know about your activities on Wikipedia , and your opinions about Wikipedia.
In the early 1930s , black and white jazz musicians could not play together in most clubs or concerts.
It was first published in 1997 and describes the transitions from night to day and from day to night.
The work on metal vases took on a new fullness : the artists competed among themselves with great virtuosity.
In May 1974 , Lennon and Pang returned to New York where Lennon began work on Walls and Bridges.
Tales of Symphonia 's characteristic genre name is . Tales of Symphonia takes place long before Tales of Phantasia.
But I was here in New York City , I had money and I couldn't buy any clothes.
Koeman married Bartina Koeman in 1985 . They have three children , two of them named Tim and Ronald.
While the Countess and Cherubino are waiting for Susanna to come back , they suddenly hear the Count arriving.
Washing is one way of achieving cleanliness , usually with water and often some kind of soap or detergent.
Producers who use the term `` bisexual porn '' are most frequently depicting what a bisexual or bi-curious man might wish to see - sex acts between a man and a woman , as well as between two men.
From arachne are derived the taxonomical class name Arachnida , and the name for spiders in many romance languages.
Elive can be used like any Live CD or installed to the hard drive to access its full features.
For the smaller territories , the UK may appoint a UK-based lawyer or judge to work on legal cases.
If you wish to start a new discussion or revive an old one , please do so on the.
Inward flow water turbines have a better mechanical arrangement and all modern reaction water turbines are of this design.
Indian audiences expect full value for their money , with a good entertainer generally referred to as paisa vasool.
One of the earliest mentions of an incubus comes from Mesopotamia on the Sumerian kings ' list , ca.
Like masalas , these movies are a mixture of many things such as action , comedy , romance etc..
The time with Lower provided the young Norma Jeane with one of the few stable periods in her life.
Wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor - a sweet musky scent much like that of barbecue.
It is also appropriate for guitar music , with drop D tuning making two Ds available as open strings.
This template displays an Irish-language version of a place name and optionally and English-language translation of the Irish name.
The mouth is larger than that of herrings and silversides , two fish anchovies closely resemble in other respects.
`` Losing Grip '' is the fourth single and last single from Avril Lavigne 's multiplatinum album Let Go.
However , unlike fish , they do not have gills and must come to the surface regularly to breathe.
On Day 19 , the two tribes , now with 6 women and 4 men , merged into Alinta.
One of them is called Ziarul De Calafat , which is also maintained online ; another is Calafat Live.
The name Occitan comes from lenga d' òc , which comes from òc , the Occitan word for yes.
They mostly live hidden in the ground , which makes them one of the least known order of amphibians.
On the one hand , they agreed safety and protection from lawless nobles was in everyone 's best interest.
Phosgene is an insidious poison as the odor may not be noticed and symptoms may be slow to appear.
Her show sometimes featured as many as 40 troupers and made her the highest-paid black entertainer of her day.
Kullervo sits down to eat , but the heirloom knife breaks on one of the stones in the bread.
It sold less than half as many copies as Blood Sugar Sex Magik and received much less critical acclaim.
It is a tycoon game in which the player must run a zoo and try to make a profit.
Many species live most of their lives as single cells , while other species form colonies or long filaments.
Home electrical systems , for example , are wired with copper for its good conducting properties and easy machinability.
A subduction zone is an area on Earth where two tectonic plates move towards one another and subduction occurs.
The narrator first admits to hearing death watches in the wall after startling the old man from his sleep.
Sartene has given its name to one of the southern-Corsican dialects that are most like the sardinian Gallurese dialect.
The chrysalis is dark brown or rarely tan , with gold eyes and short gold lateral and subdorsal cones.
If two numbers differ by one order of magnitude , one is about ten times larger than the other.
Occultations by Hermione have been successfully observed three times so far , the last time in February , 2004.
When it matures , the Red-crowned Crane is snow white with a patch of red skin on its head.
The novel was chosen by Time magazine as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005.
Charizard have two wings that are blue , while the back is orange like the most of its body.
Red phosphorus may be formed by heating white phosphorus to 250 C or by exposing white phosphorus to sunlight.
The riot continued into the early morning , until police used fire brigade water hoses to disperse the crowd.
By the time it closed , only eight trains stopped at the station each day - four each way.
When peace like a river , attendeth my way , When sorrows like sea billows roll ; Whatever my lot , Thou hast taught me to say , It is well , it is well , with my soul.
In 1770 his company created the first complication , and nine years later he designed the first engine-turned dials.
Mr. Bazargan served as the first Iranian head of National Iranian Oil Company under command of Prime Minister Mossadegh.
The first Royal Rumble took place on January 24 , 1988 and was broadcast live on the USA Network.
One of the best ways to go about this is to request this on the article 's talk page.
Later Buckles said of that event , `` I was just 16 and didn't look a day older.
He was one of a half-dozen great naturalists to visit and work in South America during the nineteenth century.
The nearby area houses many bungalows , traditionally expensive in land-scarce Singapore , as well as high rise condominiums.
Forecasters initially predicted wind shear from an upper level low would prevent strengthening and cause dissipation within three days.
Flat gravers are used for doing fill work on letters , as well as most musical instrument engraving work.
By the end of the 19th century over 240,000 pencils were used each day in the United States alone.
In early 1930s , one of first games of the NCAA was played in the 31st Infantry Quonset Gym.
`` Nothing to Say '' was Soundgarden 's first B-side , released on the `` Hunted Down '' single.
While a young man he became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the Irish language.
The story was supposed to be as if the first Dumbo ended and this one started the next day.
Rose Elizabeth Cleveland , was the First Lady during the first of U.S. President Grover Cleveland 's two administrations.
This category lists notable people who were born in New Zealand or who had significant connections with New Zealand.
A swimmer caught in a rip current should not attempt to swim back to shore directly against the rip.
Some authors use countable set to mean a set with the same cardinality as the set of natural numbers.
In 1989 he was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Artist , but lost to Tracy Chapman.
For more detail on the early development of the first nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons , see Manhattan Project.
They make their way to Florida , and Percy sends Clarisse , with the fleece , back to camp.
In Coptic , the words piaro or phiaro meaning `` the river '' come from the same ancient name.
In 1994 , Rau tried for the first time to become Federal President , but lost to Roman Herzog.
These new fish have been eating the axolotls ' young , as well as its primary source of food.
First , the scoreboard was renovated and after completion , is now twice as big as the old scoreboard.
She idolized the lead singer Connee Boswell , later saying , `` My mother brought home one of her records , and I fell in love with it ... I tried so hard to sound just like her . ''
However , in the 1840s the Swiss - American expert on fossil fish Louis Agassiz did name two fossil fish species , Acrodus anningiae , and Belenostomus anningiae , after her , and another after her friend Elizabeth Philpot.
On his return home , Airoldi attempted many times to beat the record of Spiridon Louis without ever succeeding.
It was first mentioned in 1309 , but it might have been built one or two hundred years before.
In `` Rise of the Cybermen '' , the Tenth Doctor claims that his TARDIS is the last one in existence although at the time of his saying this , he also thought he was the last Time Lord.
In the United States , it is now illegal to block the migration of fish , for example the endangered great white sturgeon in North America , so fish ladders must be provided by dam builders . The actual performance of fish ladders is often poor.
The Victorian gold rush , which occurred in Australia in 1851 soon after the California gold rush , was the biggest of several Australian gold rushes.
Li Bai is best known for the extravagant imagination and striking Taoist imagery in his poetry , as well as for his great love for liquor.
The name ` Araluen ' is reputed to mean ` water lily ' or ` place of the water lilies ' in the local aboriginal dialect.
They performed at BBC Radio One 's One Big Weekend , held in their home town of Sunderland over the weekend of May 7-8 , 2005.
He was also the one who suggested splitting Kurohime into two beings : one consisting of pure hate , the other , of love and compassion.
Another method of ducking was to use the tumbrel , which consisted of a chair on two wheels with two long shafts fixed to the axles.
An esplanade is a long , open , level area , usually next to a river or large body of water , where people may walk.
The winner would earn a contract to challenge for any of the three WWE World Championships at any time and any place over a one-year period.
When Bates arrived home in 1859 after a full eleven years , he had sent back over 14,000 species of which 8,000 were new to science.
She became SNLs first female head writer , a milestone she downplays in light of the fact that there have not been very many head writers.
It may be right to see Huxley 's life and work as contributing to the secularisation of British society which gradually occurred over the following century.
During the early 1940 's Walker moved to Los Angeles , where he recorded many enduring sides for Capitol , Black & White , and Imperial.
One end of this type of wormhole is a black hole , drawing in matter , and the other is a white hole , emitting matter.
While some may speak the formal literary Arabic , many Syrians speak Syrian Arabic , a dialect which belongs to the Levantine Arabic family of dialects.
On the anterior side of the head are the maxilla and lower mandible for the mouth , a pair of nostrils , and two lidless eyes.
Nearby , one man and a baby drowned as a result of the storm surge , and another died while attempting to cross a flooded river.
Yulia has no contact with him to this day . In 2002 , the pair left Russia for New Zealand in attempt for a better life.
Darwin married twice and had 14 children , including two illegitimate daughters by an employee , and , possibly , at least one further illegitimate daughter.
Some wine experts contend that the optimal temperature for aging wine is 55 . , others 59 , Wine refrigerators offer an alternative to wine cellars.
Russell was by this time increasingly tired of philosophy and envisaged Wittgenstein as his successor who would carry on his work in the foundations of mathematics.
Morley lived for a time in the same parish as Shakespeare , and a connection between the two has been long speculated , though never proven.
From the surface of Amalthea , Jupiter would look enormous : 46 degrees across , it would appear roughly 92 times larger than the full moon.
Three days before Katrina 's second and third landfalls , the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane.
He was two weeks old when his family moved to the seaside town of Weston-super-Mare , Somerset , where he spent most of his early life.
Because many frequent Internet users have been tricked into viewing the site at one time or another , it has become something of an Internet meme.
In rhetoric , a tautology is an unnecessary or unessential repetition of meaning , using different and dissimilar words that effectively say the same thing twice.
One newton metre is equal to the torque resulting from a force of one newton applied perpendicularly to a moment arm which is one metre long.
Each piece of organ would be burned before the sufferer 's eyes , and when he was completely disembowelled , his head would be cut off.
It may come from the three Gaelic elements mo , ` my ' , Ernán and the diminutive ag , giving Church of My Little Ernán.
Traditional kayaks typically accommodate one , two or occasionally three paddlers who sit facing forward in one or more cockpits below the deck of the boat.
If G-sharp minor must absolutely be used , one should take care that B-flat wind instruments be notated in B-flat minor , rather than A-sharp minor.
His reign was troubled by disasters : a rain of blood which lasted three days , a devastating plague , and a great swarm of flies.
The new neighbors turn out to be Freak and his mother Gwen , who Freak calls `` The Fair Gwen '' after King Arthur 's wife.
Purebred dogs of one breed are genetically distinguishable from purebred dogs of other breeds , but the means by which kennel clubs classify dogs is unsystematic.
This violin had been stolen twice from the previous owner , Bronisław Huberman ; the last time the thief confessed to the act on his deathbed.
For a nineteenth-century player about whom almost nothing is known , it may be better to forgo the infobox completely than to have an empty skeleton.
This Royal Rumble set a new record for the most wrestlers involved in an elimination , taking 8 men to throw Viscera over the top rope.
Her 1998 book , Today I Feel Silly , and Other Moods That Make My Day , made the best-seller list in The New York Times.
The Bald Eagle was one of the many species originally described by Linnaeus in his 18th century work Systema Naturae , under the name Falco leucocephalus.
Along with Girls Aloud 's first three studio albums , The Sound of Girls Aloud was released to the US iTunes Store on 26 June 2007.
It was estimated that a female Eurasian Sparrowhawk weighing an average amount could survive for seven days without feeding - three days longer than a male.
Compound eyes fall into two groups : apposition eyes , which form multiple inverted images , and superposition eyes , which form a single erect image.
A stick generally refers to a long , slender piece of wood , usually a branch from a tree without the leaves that may be refined.
The Nutcracker comes to life , he and his band of soldiers rise to defend Clara , and the Mouse King leads his mice into battle.
Their first true bookstore was set up by his son , William , in partnership with G. Clifford Noble , in 1917 in New York City.
The Cape May Bird Observatory , as part of the New Jersey Audubon Society , also helps to organize the World Series of Birding each May.
The name is believed to come from Gaelic , and means `` Place of the little stump '' , `` outcrop '' or `` block ''.
`` The real master of Death accepts that he must die , and that there are much worse things in the world of the living ''.
On one episode of the show , he hit Jimmy Snuka over the head with a coconut , leading to a feud between the two men.
The canonical writings of the New Testament , as well as other written sources from the Early Church , provide some insights into James ' life and his role in the Early Church.
They were married on May 29 , 1849 , and together had five children , only two of whom survived to adulthood , two died of typhoid and one of a brain tumor.
As the plot progresses , Napoleon makes two new friends from high school , Deb and Pedro . Deb is a shy and sensitive girl who seems to take a liking to Napoleon.
Faust makes an arrangement with the devil : the devil will do everything that Faust wants while he is here on Earth , and in exchange Faust will serve the devil in Hell.
But I couldn't hold it together 'cause I was too young and crazy in those days an ' everybody in the band was grown men , so much older than me . ''
Pascal remained in close correspondence with his guru Meher Baba right up to the end of his life and met with him for the last time in Scarsdale , New York in 1952.
This means that while it costs money to send children there , towns will make a contract with a school to take children from a town or MSAD at a slightly reduced rate.
A few nights later , the group met again `` just to drop a ton of money , drink too much wine , eat steaks , and commiserate about our failed relationships ''.
Henry Ford was 40 years old when he founded the Ford Motor Company , which would go on to become one of the world 's largest and most profitable companies , as well as being one to survive the Great Depression . As one of the largest family-controlled companies in the world , the Ford Motor Company has been in continuous family control for over 100 years.
The year 1968 marked the first time the IOC first permitted East and West Germany to enter separately , and the first time the IOC ever ordered drug and gender testing of competitors.
Best friends Tod , a fox kit , and Copper , a hound puppy , visit a country fair when they see a band of dogs called `` The Singin ' Strays ''.
Like other chameleons , this species has a long tongue , feet that are shaped into bifid claspers , a prehensile tail , independent eye movement and the ability to change skin color.
For example , radio messages sent from Earth may never reach some regions of space , even if the Universe would live forever ; space may expand faster than light can traverse it.
She also won the 2004 US Open singles title and was the runner-up in singles at the 2006 French Open and the 2007 US Open , both times to Belgian player Justine Henin.
Since the storm also extinguished their fire and they were unable to create another one on account of everything being wet , they merely enjoyed what they had and ate the fish raw.
The 1st century BC , also known as the last century BC or 1st century BCE started on the first day of 100 BC and ended on the last day of 1 BC.
Every new Macbook Pro would also include a FireWire port and all except the 17 '' models would have an SD card slot . The 17 '' model would retain its ExpressCard slot.
Rusty goes home to think it over , and then meets Lionheart and another ThunderClan cat , Whitestorm , in the woods . Rusty then tells them that he accepts Bluestar 's offer.
John Caesar , nicknamed `` Black Caesar '' , was the first Australian bushranger and one of the first black people to arrive during British colonisation of the continent as a penal colony.
It has yielded many archaeological discoveries , including one of the first specimens of Homo erectus , dubbed Peking Man , and a fine assemblage of bones of the gigantic hyena Pachycrocuta brevirostris.
The words Khurd and Kalan are administrative terminology dating back to Mughal times - to differentiate two areas with the same name , hence Birote Khurd means little Khurd . The words Khurd and Kalan are taken form Persian ..
ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time as well as particularly strong hurricanes , have high ACEs.
Time is not considered in Eriugena 's definition ; thus , his definition includes everything that exists , has existed and will exist , as well as everything that does not exist , has never existed and will never exist.
One of the early , and most well known , examples of the work of the company includes the graceful arched roof of St. Pancras Station in London , recently restored to great critical acclaim as an international rail terminal.
Thus , many Alaska plaice get caught anyway , so much that , for example , the 2005 total allowable catch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area was reached before the end of May of that year.
In 1985 , the Bureau of Land Management drilled a new well 965 ' / 294m in depth to support the new Wiley 's Well Campground , one of only two developed campgrounds in the Mule Mountains Long-Term Visitor Area.
A major scale may be seen as two identical tetrachords separated by a whole tone , or whole step , the new set of steps `` Whole : Whole : Half : Whole : Whole : Whole : Half ''.
Bisexual pornography is a genre of pornography which most typically depicts one woman and two men who all perform sex acts on each other . Bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography , which typically depicts one man and two women.
In the 2004 documentary Marilyn 's Man , Dougherty made three new claims : that he invented the `` Marilyn Monroe '' persona ; studio executives forced her to divorce him ; and that he was her true love and her `` dedicated friend for life . ''
In fact according to available documents , Persian language is an Iranian language all whose three Old , Middle , and New stages are known to represent one and the same language ; in other words New Persian is a direct descendent of Middle and Old Persian.
There are three major types of blood vessels : the arteries , which carry the blood away from the heart , the capillaries , which enable the actual exchange of water and chemicals between the blood and the tissues ; and the veins , which carry blood from the capillaries back towards the heart.
Not only were shell fish available from the sea , but the many swamps and creeks in the district would have yielded birds , fish , eels , eggs and snakes . Early white settlers in the region noted plenty of kangaroos and possums , which would also have been a source of food.
Leonore says that she wants something else at least as much as money : To know why Rocco will not permit her to help him in the dungeons when he always comes back out of breath . Rocco says that there is a prison where he can never take her , and inside is a man who has wasted away for two years because of his powerful enemies.
It proposes the 30 Seconds to Mars among the best new rock artists.
He went on to win the trophy the next two seasons as well.
They are best known for their 1989 hit singles `` She Drives Me Crazy '' and `` Good Thing ''.
The final two teams in the Eastern conference and Western Conference face off.
This template makes the font smaller.
Gordon would remain a major hurricane for over 24 hours before cooler water began to set in and Gordon gradually weakened , beginning early on September 15.
He thereafter spent much of his time in Britain and the United States.
Both continue to carry the name Dahmer and say they love Jeffrey despite his crimes . Lionel Dahmer 's first wife , Joyce , died of cancer in 2000 at the age of 64.
He was raised on one of the local farms and went by the name Dent Young in his early years.
One can also calculate the internal energy of electromagnetic or black body radiation.
In time gloves replaced bare hands.
His original horns recede and are now white in color , erupting in pairs along the length of his head.
The Earth of the early Archean may have had a different tectonic style.
Khalid was received by his elder brother Walid bin Walid and was first among the three men to enter Islam.
This template makes that more convenient.
Many ADSL implementations also use ATM.
The artist 's name at birth.
Haitian painter Edouard Wah was born to a Chinese father and Haitian mother.
Release the mouse button to finish moving the page to its new location.
Larissa lies on the river Pineios.
See List of operas by Piccinni.
See the for instructions and discussions.
The undertail coverts are predominately white.
In 1281 Stevenage was granted a twice weekly market and an annual fair.
He was one of the founders and first President of the Royal Academy.
Criteriums are relatively easy to organize , do not require a large amount of space , and are good for live spectators as they allow them to see the riders pass by many times.
The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata.
A motif of the heart on the palm of the hand embodies people 's compassion and care for their citizens.
Keeping that in mind may help you avoid becoming a `` biter . ''
A day or two later , in broken hilly country full of water-courses , they had great difficulty in finding a road for the loaded carts , deciding on 27 October to abandon them.
This characterization is no longer true.
Colfax County , New Mexico , is named after the Speaker as well.
Blue Lodge , one of the houses , was once the home of Anna Sewell , author of Black Beauty.
Agnes was also the only Category 1 hurricane to be retired at the time , and one of 5 today.
Cockroaches live up to a year.
Bakeries in Retie are very good.
There are two universities in Eskişehir.
The `` A Beautiful Lie '' video was certified gold by MTV International.
It was first documented in 1400.
City colors are blue and gold.
Among those rescued were 69 children.
This was Elijah 's first encounter with Jezebel , and not the last.
Some of the inflated old measurements may have been taken at ground level.
His mother was Jean Ferguson Paterson.
The Northern Hemisphere species of swan have pure white plumage but the Southern Hemisphere species are mixed black and white.
Many extremophiles fall under multiple categories.
The Báb was 30 years old.
One of the factors which inspired her was watching videos of Barney & Friends when she was 4 years old.
Without warning , their rope breaks.
Many Malaysian children attend Tamil schools , and a significant portion of Tamil children in Mauritius and Reunion are brought up with Tamil as their first language.
All but two of Clancy 's novels feature Jack Ryan or John Clark.
A book of poems for children entitled Mother Goose 's Melody was published in England in 1781 , and the name `` Mother Goose '' has been associated with children 's poetry ever since.
There are two main types of pasteurisation used today : High Temperature/Short Time and Extended Shelf Life treatment . Ultra-high temperature is also used for milk treatment.
The Kavirondo have great faith in divination from the entrails of a sheep.
The treatment itself may have complications.
In 1843 , white missionaries arrived in Coweta to teach the Indian children.
In 1933 , he shot the first Armenian sound film `` Pepo . ''
The first goal of any new artist or band was to get signed to a contract as soon as possible.
I am Pir Sultan Abdal , the first of the firsts , I feed my soul with the best and remedy the worst I 'll pool honey from thousand blooms to one comb till it bursts I am the bee , my fair one , the bee am I.
A few species live in deep water , as deep as 6,000 m.
Early in the season three tropical cyclones impacted Mexico in a ten day span , while the first cyclone of the season formed before it officially began.
Alberto Ascari was an Italian racing driver and twice Formula One World Champion.
Rachel and Emilie decided to create a visual video for hearing children so that ASL could be made accessible to all children , and together created Two Little Hands Productions , their production company.
Neyland is often referred to as one of the best , if not the best , defensive football coaches ever.
If the first baby does not go to term , this allows a second baby to start growing right away.
Urban blacks usually speak English or Afrikaans in addition to their native tongue.
They shouldn't be invoked directly.
Onegin arrives to see Tatyana and give her his answer to her letter.
In May 2000 , he later had surgery to repair a leaking heart valve , and was forced to take a three month break from Parliament , with Deputy First Minister , Jim Wallace taking over as Acting First Minister ..
Foxtel introduced pay-per-view direct to home television in Australia in the early 2000s.
Balukas admits to having been under great pressure , much of it self-imposed.
Many passes are closed in winter.
Twilight Comes Twice is a children 's book of free verse written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Kate Kiesler.
Tinky Winky is the first Teletubby.
An asterisk is used to mark reconstructed PIE words , such as \* ` water ' , \* ` dog ' , or \* ` three '.
The oldest set was , by then , just over 47 years old.
It was first documented in 1352.
Only red abalone may be taken ; black , white , pink , and flat abalone are protected by law.
Aldair , full name Aldair Nascimento dos Santos is a Brazilian football defender.
Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw.
White Bird is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States.
Today , Gaborone Broadcasting Company and Botswana TV provide television programming for Gaborone.
Jeo can not be used alone.
She is named after her paternal grandmother , former First Lady Barbara Bush.
Alaska plaice is a saltwater fish that live in the North Pacific Ocean.
Standard time is the result of synchronizing clocks in different geographical locations within a time zone to the same time rather than using the local meridian as in local mean time or solar time.
Overland Park has one sister city.
His mother was Betsy Plumleigh Teape.
The company continued its activity under the name `` Vacheron & Constantin ''.
Life Left to Go is the debut album by alternative rock band SafetySuit.
They named their new discovery Vinland.
Louder Than Love spawned the EP Loudest Love and the video compilation Louder Than Live , both released in 1990.
Games that run on Mac OS X.
Bristles may be natural or synthetic.
In 1973 , one of Bundy 's friends saw a pair of handcuffs in the back of Bundy 's Volkswagen.
The book received many positive reviews.
The track is 250 metres long.
For the first time ever , the initial tribes were divided by sex.
There are many styles of hula.
Many gyms offer a wide variety of aerobic classes for participants to take.
Wininger is considered as one of the greatest Jewish biographers of all time.
In 2007 , a new depot opened on Abbey Lane replacing the former premises on Abbey Park Road which go back to the company 's municipal heritage.
A joint is the location at which two or more bones make contact.
First , the blocking administrator provides a brief reason that you will see when you try to make an edit.
Hurwicz combined Wald 's ideas with work done in 1812 by Pierre-Simon Laplace.
It is an outflow of cash or other valuable assets from a person or company to another person or company.
Head and body is 8 - , and tail length is 6 -.
It was first published in 1990.
Most known carnivorous sponges have completely lost the water flow system and choanocytes.
The inhabitants primarily live on agriculture.
For questions/examples , see the page.
According to Ponticelli , France had done much for him , and serving was his way of showing his gratitude.
The Saints ' Way follows the probable route of early Christian travellers making their way from Ireland to the Continent.
She won a silver medal in China and a gold medal in Hungary.
Ten days after the previous storm , another hurricane , this time a major hurricane , hit central North Carolina.
Many of these soldiers later emigrated.
In kennels , the best prevention is to keep all the cages disinfected.
Schigolch arrives , asking for money.
Fey was exposed to comedy early.
Věžnička was first documented in 1502.
When he appeared again , his hair had turned white , his back was bent , and his face worn.
It was released on May 6 , 2008 in the US and Canada.
Climbing the last metal lattice fence , the two were discovered and came under fire from the NVA border troops.
They have been warned many times.
It would appear to have been this very collection that found its way to Cumae and from Cumae to Rome.
He started a full time school there for children who had been failed or abandoned by the traditional education system.
The Universe is old and evolving.
Eugène Boudin was one of the first French landscape painters to paint outdoors.
Okrouhlička was first documented in 1307.
A typical woman 's orgasm lasts much longer than that of a man.
Penshurst Place in Kent , England has a little altered 14th century example.
It features a new dub cast.
The little town is well known for the Rhine Falls , a tourist attraction and mainland Europe 's largest waterfall.
Another broad category of gestures comprises those gestures used spontaneously when we speak.
Suger was one of the last French abbot-statesmen , a historian , and the influential first patron of Gothic architecture.
They should not be interpreted in isolation from one another , and editors should therefore familiarize themselves with all three.
Protestant translations using `` murder '' include the New International Version , New American Standard Bible , New English Bible , and the New King James , New Revised Standard and English Standard Versions.
These letters contained White 's discoveries about local birds , animals and plants.
Herring are an important economic fish.
The flavor is aromatic and sweet.
The album News and Tributes was first released on May 29 , 2006.
His first marriage , to Plautia Urgulanilla , occurred after two failed betrothals.
This town would merge in 1854 with the nearby town of Risdon to form one city , named Fostoria in honor of Foster , who would be elected the new city 's first mayor.
A head tie is a west and southern African women 's head scarf , specifically an elaborate ornamental head covering.
He was baptized the same day.
Ragdoll Productions is a United Kingdom company that produces children 's television shows.
The name Betsy was later retired.
She speaks both Swedish and Russian.
By the time Robin Hood was released , only four of the Nine Old Men were still animating at Disney.
The Meißen area , where Radebeul is located , is one of the northeasternmost areas where wine is grown today.
But it hasn't always been the same place , or even in the same place , through its history.
All fields must be in lowercase.
Their book therefore offers bare facts and little in the way of interpretation.
If the new page name is occupied by a redirect that has only one edit in its history and targeted to the old page name , it is replaced by the page being moved.
The main plot follows two terminally ill men on their road trip with a wish list of things to do before they `` kick the bucket . ''
The two discuss various things , including a Prince who is in love with Lulu and wants to marry her.
The former English name was Sleswick-Holsatia , the Danish name is Slesvig-Holsten , the Low German name is Sleswig-Holsteen , and the North Frisian name is Slaswik-Holstiinj.
Her first teacher was Alison Dalrymple.
This species sometimes consumes tree sap.
Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time , more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed , and all folds have straightforward locations.
It was aired by American Public Television in many cities across the US.
Sebastiano Nela , is an Italian ex-footballer who played as a full back.
The Beano comic takes its name from the English word beano which can be loosely interpreted as a good time.
It was named after Kore , another name for the Greek goddess Persephone.
Sasuke 's first name comes the manga Sasuke by Sanpei Shirato , a series which Kishimoto likes , as well as from Sarutobi Sasuke , a fictional ninja featured in Japanese children 's stories.
The latter association placed her among the first black women to work with a white orchestra , an arrangement that went against the tenor of the times.
He produced two other early operas , Daphne and Florindo , in 1708.
Paul Dukas was born in Paris to a Jewish father and Catholic mother.
Swedish artist Oscar Reutersvärd was the first to deliberately design many impossible objects.
Percy , Nico and Thalia must retrieve the sword before time runs out.
There are two types of wikispam.
The Trojan horse may also refer to the Trojan cavalry led by Hector.
A leader of the Kalash , Saifulla Jan , has stated , `` If any Kalash converts to Islam , they can't live among us anymore.
See List of operettas by Offenbach.
They did not have any children.
The fields and must be specified.
Kamenná was first documented in 1308.
`` We felt that this was the only way to give Lost a proper creative conclusion , '' McPherson said.
Double flats also exist , which look like and lower a note by two semitones , or a whole step.
See also : Connecticut College people.
On the trip , his friend Grover , revealed to be a satyr , urgently tells Percy 's mother that Percy must go to a certain camp.
Not all men have chest hair.
Another man lobbied to have the town named `` Oberly '' after himself.
A cheeseburger may have more than one hamburger patty and slice of cheese.
His great grandfather played at Wimbledon.
The category name is defined in.
Nothing is known of his parents.
It is about long and wide.
They live with him in Chicago.
Puklice was first documented in 1318.
Chloroplasts are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell.
It has black primaries and secondaries.
At his first court appearance , his detention was extended for eight days.
Then this template needs no parameter.
In this respect tritheism differs from dualism , which typically envisages two opposed Divine powers in conflict with one another.
Please , see the instructions there.
The new name was officially recommended by IUPAC on August 16 , 2003.
The film features a new Oasis song also called `` Lord Don't Slow Me Down '' , written by Noel Gallagher and recorded during the Don't Believe the Truth sessions , Gallagher described it as being `` one of the best things , like The Who , The Yardbirds and the Jeff Beck Group combined , and it 's got two drum solos on it ! ''.
For other uses , see Horace.
Filderstadt is located next to the Stuttgart Airport and the new land fair.
The name comes from , the Latin word for milk , plus the - ose ending used to name sugars.
Two of three wrestlers , Shane McMahon and Kurt Angle , had never wrestled a match for WCW or ECW.
Battered cod roe can also be bought within many fish and chip shops.
Two years later , on the first night of the 1969 festival , the concert hall was destroyed by fire.
In 1982 , the Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor Sales merged into one company , the Toyota Motor Corporation.
Riaz Shahid was married to then famous actress Neelo and had three children.
They had one daughter , Margaret Truman , born February 17 , 1924.
ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time , as well as particularly strong hurricanes , have high ACEs.
The nostrils and the mouth are at the distal end of the snout ; the mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 mm.
So his new name , Ultrasauros , is now just an alternate name for the dinosaur officially known as Supersaurus.
The name Donna was later retired.
It is buff to white below.
Sacred Heart is still a widely used name for many Roman Catholic institutions , including schools , colleges , and hospitals in many countries around the world.
The last time the Brooklyn franchise won a World Championship was in 1900.
Alternatively , Echo was a nymph who was a great singer and dancer and scorned the love of any man.
The female is 9.5-11 centimetres long.
Similarly , an innocent user may be blocked for another user 's vandalism.
Today , trophies are much less expensive , and thus much more pervasive , thanks to mass produced plastic trophies.
In 1606 he killed a young man in a brawl and fled from Rome with a price on his head.
The Expos lost the game 10-4.
As Ellis says , we are to speak Jesus ' words , think his thoughts , and do his deeds.
It was first held in 1928.
Joseph Chamberlain had had another son , Austen Chamberlain by his first marriage.
This southern half of Baden was declared in its 1947 constitution to be the true successor of the old Baden.
The area surrounding Harrington Sound is of limestone formation and noted for many subterranean waterways , through which the waters of the sound empty into the Atlantic.
This template may be listed at Subst as a good candidate for substituting.
Today the Uffizi is one of the most popular tourist attractions of Florence.
They settled in New York City.
The organogenesis of cephalopod eyes differs fundamentally from that of vertebrates like humans.
There , during an assembly , he was imprisoned for the first time.
There are many variation of Sadri.
The town is probably best known as the home of the Farnborough Airshow.
It left the island chain three days later , after killing 28 people.
Nxf4 leaves White a pawn ahead.
This is not correct , Risk simply put is the probability of something happening , rather it good or bad.
It is still the most widely used water turbine in the world today.
When Susie had kittens , two of them were born with folded ears , and one was acquired by William Ross , a neighbouring farmer and cat-fancier.
She decided to release further records under her full name , Billie Piper.
During these blind taste tests the majority of participants picked Pepsi as the better tasting of the two soft drinks.
It was a bizarre thing . ''
Some monosaccharides have a sweet taste.
The Children 's Zoo contains an indoor structure for children to play in.
The company was established in 1854.
However , IQ tests may well be biased when used in other situations.
After seven years the children have the right to live with the father or the mother , as they decide.
The body turns black shortly after.
Granz helped solidify her position as one of the leading live jazz performers.
Every spring and fall , thousands of migrating birds pass through the area.
In 1966 , Howard wrote and released her first single of the year , `` Evil on Your Mind ''.
He in turn appointed the ministers.
Almost two years later , Daxter has forgotten all about rescuing his friend.
I waited until he came back.
One disadvantage of symmetric-key algorithms is the requirement of a shared secret key , with one copy at each end.
It turns out he needs Shade 's help to find his home jungle.
There is also one First Nation with an Indian reserve , where the Chippewas of Georgina Island First Nation reside.
In many racing sports an athlete will compete in a time trial against the clock to secure the fastest time.
Petroforms in the Whiteshell Provincial Park may be as old as 8,000 years.
Along with his other brothers , he was relegated to civilian life , receiving a new clan name , Ariwara.
It is a cool season crop grown in many parts of the world ; planting can take place from winter through to early summer depending on location.
The Nautiloidea , on the other hand , stick to iteroparity ; they produce a few large eggs in each batch and live for a long time.
The book was first published in the US by Poseidon Press in 1982.
Brentwood was first founded in 1923.
The Onyx River is one of the many sites studied by the US Antarctic Program of the National Science Foundation.
ADHD exists alone in only about 1/3 of the children diagnosed with it.
Their home stadium is Edgeley Park.
In the central Pacific , two tropical storms and two tropical depressions formed.
Sandon is one of many mining ghost towns in British Columbia , Canada.
This simple tabulation has two drawbacks.
Joe Doe The Example Company 604-555-1234 http://example.com/
This opened his eyes to the scale of official misconduct , and may have inspired much of his later writings.
That Man that shall snap his Arms , or smoke Tobacco in the Hold , without a Cap to his Pipe , or carry a Candle lighted without a Lanthorn , shall suffer the same Punishment as in the former Article.
It was first documented in 1379.
It was all about blind focus.
It was first documented in 1307.
Thailand is an independent country that lies in the heart of Southeast Asia.
The first one was observed in 1989 by NASA 's Voyager 2 probe.
It was first documented in 1305.
Each member country has one vote.
Gothard is the third of six children born to William and Carmen Gothard.
The name that stuck with him for life , however , was Cowboy.
He was rated in the top 10 Formula One drivers of all time by longtime Formula One commentator Murray Walker.
Other lectures grew into Huxley 's most famous work Evidence as to Man 's place in Nature where he addressed the key issues long before Charles Darwin published his Descent of Man in 1871.
Such bunkers give the defending soldiers better protection than the open trench and also include top protection against aerial attack.
The national flag of Estonia is a tricolor featuring three equal horizontal bands of blue , black , and white.
Seahorses have a coronet on their head , which is distinct to each seahorse , much like a human fingerprint.
Marcel Dupré was born in Rouen.
Lentils are mentioned many times in the Old Testament , the first time recounting the incident in which Jacob purchases the birthright from Esau with stewed lentils.
His first two operas , Almira and Nero , were produced in 1705.
White is best known for his The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne.
Sparta is home to Kentucky Speedway.
Originally intended to carry passenger and freight trains by day and night , the Shinkansen lines carry only passenger trains.
Adults may experience discomfort or burning.
The fortresses thus lost their importance.
In reality , Longfellow 's life was much more difficult than was assumed.
It appears to be like a long katana-shaped halberd , but straighter and thinner , with a very long tsuka.
London-based Peter Owen Publishers have been long-serving advocates of Kavan 's work and continue to keep her work in print.
As he battles his enemies for the first time , Parker finds juggling his personal life and costumed adventures difficult.
Lopevi lost the first challenge mainly due to Chris , however , the older men of the tribe conspired into an alliance and worked to vote off one of the younger men , Brook.
See the example to the right.
The outer three tepals are narrower.
It falls between Wednesday and Friday.
As a measure , `` fertility rate '' is the number of children born per couple , person or population.
Until 1996 , El Paso was home to El Paso Natural Gas Company.
The Wests later had two daughters.
Never in my life did I draw a gun or kill anyone . ''
The language 's basic sound , along with a few words , was first devised by actor James Doohan for.
There are two pairs of gills.
It was first documented in 1226.
The Rhine-Main-Danube Canal begins near Bamberg.
After having supper , and telling the hostages not to raise the alarm for another three hours , they left.
However , many professional players prefer skin heads because they feel the heads produce a warmer , better quality timbre.
For example , in sheep , it may be caused by crowding through doors , or being chased by dogs.
Ian attempted to make ammends but Katie still held bad feelings towards him.
He soon vows revenge against Shade.
An electronic multiplexer makes it possible for several signals to share one device or resource , for example one A/D converter or one communication line , instead of having one device per input signal.
Anna was born at Flatbrookville , Walpack Township , New Jersey on July 25 , 1775 to Judge John Cleves and Anna Tuthill Symmes of Long Island.
If true , this would imply that there are no odd perfect numbers.
Born and raised in Vienna , he began writing at an early age.
Laika was a Soviet space dog who became the first animal to orbit the Earth and the first orbital death.
Season One primarily focuses on the affect of Amy Juergens unwillingly having sex for the first time at band camp.
Since the early 1930s , the company has also promoted spin-off reference works.
In 1970 , the Sultan introduced a complete new set of national flags.
An aqueduct is a water supply or navigable channel constructed to convey water.
It took a long time for the cathedral to be built , and during that time tastes in architecture changed.
Travel times to Munich have been reduced to as little as one hour.
In the 1590s three of his children were baptized in the Oude Kerk.
That way the Jews spoiled and poisoned the French people too much ''.
The NBL/MAN engines were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Scotland under licence from the German company MAN.
Stems may point up or down.
Although lobster skin has been found in lobster stomachs , this is because lobsters eat their shed skin after molting.
Even though it is classified as a long bone , the clavicle has no medullary cavity like other long bones.
The recipient may remove this template from his/her talk page at any time.
Gober served two tours in Vietnam.
Niue uses the New Zealand dollar.
Empty or missing parameters are ignored.
They eat invertebrates and small vertebrates.
The name Flora was later retired.
Longoria was given the American League Gold Glove Award for his position on November 10 . Two days later , he was given a Silver Slugger Award.
Neither attempted to predict new elements.
The jungle cat , also called the swamp lynx , is a medium-small cat and today considered the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus Felis.
Sound can not travel through vacuum.
If you would like to experiment further , please use the sandbox instead.
It was first broadcast on BBC One between January 2006 and April 2007 , lasting for two series in total.
Seiko Holdings is one of the three core companies of the Seiko Group.
Today , it is best known as the birthplace of many celebrated Romanians , including Mihai Eminescu and Nicolae Iorga.
Traditional raised beds promote good drainage.
On an artistic color wheel , complementary colors are placed opposite one another.
Bartlet 's first campaign for president is never significantly explored in the series.
Located in one of the holiest sites in the old city of Damascus , it is of great architectural importance.
Up to 100,000 houses lost power as tree branches fell on power lines.
Dead links in one or two languages are therefore no cause for concern.
It was the first time a pope paid a visit to a mosque.
In 1925 , she was awarded a gold medal for one of them in the first Arts Décoratifs ' exhibition.
By the end of 2003 , Green Day collaborated with Iggy Pop on two tracks for his album Skull Ring.
In October 2008 , he dropped out of the world top three ranking for the first time since July 1996.
Tube sound is the characteristic sound associated with a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier.
Rocky Rapids has one store at the hamlet center . Other home businesses are ran in Rocky Rapids as well.
BTS is a limited company wholly owned by Blackpool Borough Council , which makes it one of the few remaining municipal bus companies in the UK today.
Tourist sport fishermen and vacationers are free to fish in the lake as long as they don't use nets.
It flies with body and tail held level , with slow wing beats.
However , he admits that like many models of the origin of life , his own also has its shortcomings.
Thomas Mann wrote of Tolstoy 's seemingly guileless artistry : `` Seldom did art work so much like nature ''.
None of these laws carry the distinctive punishment reserved for the common scold.
This group is set on , and may use to set permissions on any wikimedia wiki ; they may add or remove any user from any group.
This first semen volume is small.
For more technical details see the.
At Arles , near its mouth at the Mediterranean Sea , the river divides into two branches , known as the Great Rhone and the Little Rhone.
But being should not be confused with being or , let alone or.
Under extreme climatic conditions , a biennial plant may complete its life cycle in a very short period of time.
Körös is the name of a 195 km long river in eastern Hungary.
Despite their spines , they are preyed on by birds , the Tasmanian Devil , cats , foxes and dogs.
The colonizing population may diversify rapidly to take advantage of all possible niches.
He also said that it was `` not correct to say that a soldier can not live without smoking . ''
One of the best known philosophical theories of autonomy was developed by Kant.
On May 23 , the group 's first mini-album , Replay was released.
In Caracas and in Valencia twice as many people view RCTV than Venevision.
It was first published in 1999.
Thyme is best cultivated in a hot sunny location with well drained soil.
She is also the first Italian-American and first Californian to serve as Speaker.
On September 25 , Hurricane Jeanne began a slow turn to the east.
The tribe speak the Dhundi-Kairali dialect.
Young Alice was one of the first seven students in the United States.
For cats in general , see.
Tim Hortons ' first stores only offered two products - coffee and doughnuts.
The attack works by encrypting from one end and decrypting from the other end , thus meeting in the middle.
The journaling in NetApp WAFL file system gives atomicity by never updating the data in place , as does ZFS.
La Mina lost again and Casaya chose Terry to go to Exile Island for the second time in a row.
In reality , the Clinton Administration didn't intervene in Rwanda , making series events look like a moral imperative.
Back at Casaya , Tina caught a sizeable fish while Ruth-Marie and Melinda targeted Cirie for being a weak link.
Matthew Fox stated in an interview that in the final season , the characters of Jack Shephard and John Locke `` will come head to head . ''
The adjectival form of the name , although unused , would be Astraean.
Water turbines are divided into two groups ; reaction turbines and impulse turbines.
February 1 is Baked Alaska Day.
The brothers and their friends then began to work for other independent companies.
Darren Middleton is an Australian guitarist , best known as one of two lead guitarists for alternative rock band Powderfinger.
Tropical Storm Claudette was one of three tropical storms active on August 16.
In early 2007 , the band supported My Chemical Romance as openers on the first half of their arena tour.
No one was killed by Julio.
A drop goal is scored in open play by drop kicking the ball over the crossbar and between the uprights.
In the episode , Homer makes a wish for Ned Flanders 's new left-handed store to go out of business.
Economic circumstances also affect life expectancy.
They are rarely seen outside water.
None of the class was named.
She was raised by two aunts.
It is named after one of the Alkyonides ; the name means flowery.
TAKE THAT : The Ultimate Tour is a video by boyband Take That.
Dark Horse 's film arm , Dark Horse Entertainment , produces films and TV shows based on Dark Horse Comics.
Two brothers , Elliott Roosevelt , Jr. and Hall Roosevelt were born later.
The first single was `` Hidin ' from Love '' in 1980 which was followed up by `` Give Me Your Love '' and `` Remember ''.
We take 1 α = 0.95.
An organic brain may or may not be considered a data storage device.
Soon Marcello is burning with jealousy.
There is another village of the same name in the Mid Devon district.
Ganz is a Canadian company best known for distributing plush animals and collectibles.
The pebbles may be made of water ice and are somewhat rounded , which may indicate the action of fluids.
It can jump and climb exceptionally well , which enables it to catch hyraxes better than probably any other carnivore.
Rowling made Harry an orphan from the early drafts of her first book.
Chitons have a relatively good fossil record , stretching back to the Devonian.
He was one of the first Patriots to advocate complete independence from Britain.
The first cemetery in Victoria was established at Point Gellibrand at this time.
In 1900 the indigenous Governor Brothers terrorised much of northern New South Wales.
There are three instances where two separate stations share the same name : Edgware Road , Hammersmith and Canary Wharf.
This was completed later that day.
In the Western Christian calendar , Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent and occurs forty-six days before Easter.
Lake Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg , a 45-letter alternative name for this body of fresh water , is often cited as the longest place name in the United States and one of the longest in the world.
In a twist that would eventually lead to its use in later seasons , one individual immunity challenge required the first player to drop out to spend a night alone on an isolated island.
The newly-developed Darwin Centre is designed as a new home for the museum 's collection of tens of millions of preserved specimens , as well as new work spaces for the museum 's scientific staff , and new educational visitor experiences.
On that case , an opponent must accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail.
Only `` name '' is required.
Those performances qualified Kim for the Grand Prix Final for the first time.
His aim was to let Holiday tell her story in her own way.
I never knew what kind of day we were going to have ... would she be cooperative or obstructive ? ''
The template has only one parameter : a real number without thousand separators.
Here is how these templates look.
Dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums.
The project 's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise.
Then they are rinsed until the water runs through and comes out clear.
Waves along the coastline of New York reached 4 t. On August 14 , a 16-year-old boy drowned after being caught in a rip current near Long Beach , New York on August 14.
Tina is never even alluded to.
They may be cooked on the stovetop , or in a slow cooker.
The movie 's working titles were Mission Without Permission and Catch That Girl.
The first instance of the name was during the British rule of India.
His middle name was in honor of former President Theodore Roosevelt , who died twenty-five days before Robinson was born.
Its county seat is New Bern.
This figure gives name to the hill , the range and the vale.
Adams has been awarded three honors.
Alexandre Guilmant was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer.
Highly eusocial bees live in colonies.
Often they are decorated with frosting or marzipan made to look like carrots.
John Bardeen was born in Madison , Wisconsin on May 23 , 1908.
If the parameter is empty or missing , it returns an empty string.
Hurricane Bill became the first hurricane and first major hurricane of the season.
The opposite of night is day.
In other words , Wikipedia is.
The white top segment , shows a ship at sea in full sail.
A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant.
The earliest chansons were for two , three or four voices , with first three becoming the norm , expanding to four voices by the sixteenth century.
After 15 days the lichens were brought back to earth and were found to be in full health with no discernible damage from their time in orbit.
The album featured Thile 's suite `` The Blind Leaving the Blind '' , as well as other original songs.
The second bridge , which took eight years to build , was the first in London to carry trams and later one of the first two roads in London to have a bus lane.
Donaldson was born on 2 April 1979 at Waratah , New South Wales.
St. Louis Blues may refer to :
Canowindra is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries.
The first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates , including birds , humans , and other mammals.
It takes place between The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Last Olympian.
The Indian Pacific also stops twice a week , as well as the Broken Hill Outback Xplorer service , run by CountryLink , which heads to Broken Hill on Mondays and Sydney on Tuesdays.
Lípa was first documented in 1351.
Daniel Handler , still under the name of Lemony Snicket , announced that he would write 4 more books that would be darker than his first series.
The smallest field has two elements.
In a cascading configuration , the doors run on independent tracks so that while open , they are tucked behind one another , and while closed , they form cascading layers on one side.
He would publicly maintain that he had lost all interest in the project.
Doraemon is sent back in time by Nobita Nobi 's great-great grandson Sewashi to improve Nobita 's circumstances so that his descendants may enjoy a better future.
See intension for some more discussion.
The couple had two children , Millard Powers Fillmore and Mary Abigail Fillmore.
Like standard rail tracks , tram tracks consist of two parallel steel rails.
Fecundation is another term for fertilization.
When Crane let him back to the table , Moore ran 142 balls.
See Persondata for the detailed documentation.
It was first documented in 1436.
White Stone is a town in Lancaster County , Virginia , United States.
Interstate 88 is 140.60 m long.
The class contains two extant subclasses.
When DES was approved as a federal standard in 1976 , a machine fast enough to test that many keys in a reasonable time would have cost an unreasonable amount of money to build.
SM Entertainment announced that Shinee would make their comeback with their second mini album Romeo on May 21 , 2009.
It wasn't named but the recipe was similar to today 's Pavlova.
It is regarded as one of the supreme masterpieces of the Early Renaissance.
For instance , there are two nines on the A scale ; to find the square root of nine , use the first one ; the second one gives the square root of 90.
The Islamabad Capital Territory is one of the two federal territories of Pakistan.
Before Black Eyed Peas , will.
To use this template , put.
Saboga chose to give some taste of reward to the other two tribes.
Three people were reported injured on the island , with two others dead.
Ignacio lost tropical characteristics August 19.
Law varies from place to place and it evolves over timesometimes quite quickly.
One person was killed in Tecpan.
On 27 May 2008 , the company was transferred back into public ownership under the authority of Transport for London.
La Mina tried to organize their camp , but were lost without Terry.
Ottavio , not convinced , determines to keep an eye on his friend.
In general , men suffer from many of the same illnesses as women.
William Regal got his job back by being the first to join Vince McMahon 's infamous Kiss My Ass Club.
The county 's main river gives it its name : the Dâmboviţa River.
Adjectives are declinable in similar way.
The Short-beaked Echidna can live as long as forty-five years in the wild.
Andernos-les-Bains has a long sand beach.
See the example below for details.
Minnie first appeared in Plane Crazy.
She was hanged over the fire with a rope and she fell into the fire when the rope burned through.
A third of the way through the final season , the two time lines will be `` solidified into one '' and `` will be very linear - no more flashbacks , nothing . ''
Senior high school has three grades.
Sir Run Run Shaw CBE , GBM is a Hong Kong media mogul.
A forest of great age is called old growth forest or ancient woodland.
Lace is an openwork fabric , patterned with open holes in the work , made by machine or by hand.
An oxide is a chemical compound containing at least one oxygen atom as well as at least one other element.
They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water.
MSX was the name of a standardized home computer architecture in the 1980s.
Please do not make personal attacks.
Claudius wrote copiously throughout his life.
Their debut album was Sixteen Stone.
In 1923 , Tailleferre began to spend a great deal of time with Maurice Ravel at his home in Monfort-L'Amaury.
Shaw himself guest conducted from time to time , ending his self-imposed retirement.
The migration from water wheels to modern turbines took about one hundred years.
Initiation may be thought of as an event which may help teens prepare themselves to be good husbands and wives.
They may also be in the public domain in other countries as well.
His lyrics loosen up enough to sing about skin creams and powder advertised as being able to lighten dark skin.
It is compiled every Wednesday by U.S.-based music sales tracking company Nielsen Soundscan , and published every Thursday by Jam !
Murtagh becomes Eragon 's new companion.
It is called `` black '' because it absorbs all the light that hits it , reflecting nothing , just like a perfect black body in thermodynamics.
Shacks were severely damaged by the strong winds , widespread tree damage was reported and many areas lost electricity service.
In the case of asteroids , so many have been discovered that many will never be named by their discoverers.
Large populations of dugongs live there.
Many notable events occurred in 1903.
Jinnah was the eldest of seven children born to Mithibai and Jinnahbhai Poonja.
At Judgment Day 2006 Long fired Melina and Johnny Nitro from SmackDown !.
This series would also mark the end of a long period of invulnerability for the Yankees in the World Series.
Species may be succulent or not.
Although aspects of this trend in painting had already appeared in Rome in the work of Pietro Cavallini , Giotto took it so much further that he set a new standard for representational painting.
Kennedy ran , firing as he sought cover moving from tree to tree.
A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water.
No one on the street was injured but the cleanup took many weeks.
Repco is an Australian engineering company.
Some white supremacists identify themselves as Odinists , although some Odinists reject white supremacy , and white supremacists are only one faction of those who support Odinism.
Like many communities in New England , many towns and neighborhoods are organized around `` Squares '' which are locations of crossroads and town commons dating from the colonial and early 19th century years.
Berlei Limited was one of the first Australian companies to expand outside Australia.
Many agricultural soils need drainage to improve production or to manage water supplies.
He was the first to give a biological definition of the term species.
A strait or straits is a narrow , navigable channel of water that connects two larger navigable bodies of water.
Many are cultivated as ornamental plants.
Unfortunately , Barbarina has lost it.
A heat pump is a machine or device that moves heat from one location to another location using mechanical work.
It is open to the public.
Many ancient Greek recipes are known.
A Little Bit Special is the first album recorded by comedian Stephen Lynch.
A handful of new servers are set up every year by hobbyists 30 have been set up and added to Floodgap 's list since 1999 and possibly some more that haven't been added.
Both programs continue today in syndication.
He is best known for his photograph capturing the celebration of V-J Day.
The first movement , called Introduzione by Bartók , is a slow introduction of Night music type that gives way to an allegro with numerous fugato passages.
It also includes many small villages like Minapin , Hope and Hispar etc..
It is a viscous black liquid.
She also started her own company , Make Music , during this sabbatical.
In theoretical physics , field strength is another name for the curvature form.
Any unexplained changes may be reverted.
Troops were nicknamed the Long hair.
It has a short dark bill , short wings and a long tail.
He later went on to become CEO of home medical equipment company Apria.
The only question asked was whether Robinson would beat Currie and come second.
Mirza successfully qualified for the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo but lost in the first round to Zheng Jie.
Harrison sought little of Tyler 's advice , and Tyler reportedly offered none.
In 1991 the orchestra gained its current name after its home city returned to its original name of Saint Petersburg.
Dolphins swim beside several tuna species.
One of his famous students was the Scottish born landscape painter William Hart.
On top of this , there are words such as `` good '' and `` bad '' that roughly mean the opposite of each other , but would be better portrayed as `` good '' and `` ungood '' , dropping `` bad '' from the language altogether.
Stallone has been married three times.
She set a new world record of 72.24 points in the short program of the competition with a clean performance.
The traditional German instrument Gemshorn works nearly the same way like an ocarina.
She was the last recognized surviving person documented as being born in 1894.
His answer comes from evolutionary biology.
An alternative name is Toliman , whose etymology may be Arabic al-Zulm ān.
Paddles may be single-bladed or double-bladed.
Their name comes from the title of the The Flaming Lips album , Hit to Death in the Future Head.
Like its sister project Wikipedia , Wiktionary is run by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Arizona has been the name of three ships of the United States Navy.
See for a version that provides a link to the unit as well.
See the for additional usage information.
That season three clubs were relegated and one from Liga Leumit was promoted.
Outside the tavern two men are killed and Hercules goes to investigate , only to be found by the villagers.
Zeeshan and Zishan are different words.
Feathers can become waterlogged and birds may sink . It is also very difficult to clean and rescue birds whose feathers have been fouled by oil spills.
In 1891 , Chongqing became the first inland commerce port open to foreigners.
Abbottabad district is divided into two tehsils , Abbottabad and Havelian as well as one urban administration area - Nawanshehr.
Gonzales served as a general counsel when Bush was the governor of Texas.
It was released on January 21 , 2003 and garnered DVDX awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score.
Start times on holidays may vary.
However , many of the tribes soon considered that they had exchanged one form of occupation for another and events elsewhere in India also encouraged an uprising.
Baden-Powell thought this would not be attractive and suggested that it could grow much larger when scouting would be used.
The name RPM refers to two things : a software package file format , and software packaged in this format.
Fantasy addicts should love it ''.
A megasecond is one million seconds.
Ebern is about 1,000 years old.
Extraterrestrial life is defined as life which does not originate from planet Earth.
Those with myopia see near objects clearly but far away objects appear blurred.
Some scholars speculate that several copies of the Rosetta Stone must exist , as yet undiscovered , since this proclamation must have been made at many temples.
It is also part of the district of the Vale of White Horse.
Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris.
Given the long orbit that TNOs have around the sun , Huya comes to opposition in early May of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19.3.
Historically mills were powered by hand , working animal , wind or water.
Following this , the WWE Women 's Championship soon became Raw-exclusive as well.
During the last ten days of Ramadan , larger mosques within the Muslim community will host i ` tikaf , a practice in which at least one Muslim man from the community must participate.
She had four children by Custis.
The first London edition appeared in May 1852 , and sold 200,000 copies.
The first to do so was Thales , who called this material Water.
Dorus is generally acknowledged as one of the greatest rescuers of all time.
Membership of RIANZ is open to any record label operating in New Zealand.
Many biologically important molecules are acids.
Elections to the new authorities were held on three different Thursdays in 1973.
Notable were Skillit and Putty Thing.
Robert Kubica is the first Polish racing driver to compete in Formula One.
Melling is a Great Britain international.
It was during this time that Johns first adopted the nickname Moondyne Joe.
After two years away from television , the Boosh returned in November 2007.
It can be kicked or slapped with an open hand for short-range passing.
The larva is shiny red , with middorsal silver spots edged with black.
Lamentations was certified Gold in Canada.
It was first published in 1996.
It is one of the less common types of skin cancer but causes the majority of skin cancer related deaths.
Project Gutenberg commemorates Gutenberg 's name.
Every vector space has a basis.
The units soon became non-standard and two were sold back to the manufacturer who exported them to Trinidad and Tobago.
Very little is known of his life , but he is assumed to have been born and died in Middelburg.
Some editors may think they are protecting the article from vandalism , and may respond to any changes with hostility.
There the woman holds the man.
In many places in some poor countries , maids often take on the role of a nurse in taking care of the elderly and people with disabilities.
It was first published in 1997.
Towards the end of the American tour I felt like I could still kinda sing , but I wasn't really giving the band a fair shake.
Or you could make two versions , one using native-language variable names , and the other using the English names.
To solve this problem , Claudia decides to go live at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
In addition , the cows are milked in public for children to see.
This was the first time that a best-of-five Cup championship went the distance.
It lowers a note three semitones.
Manchester later formed its own Poor Law Union by the name of Manchester.
Chip 'n Dale are two animated chipmunks created by The Walt Disney Company.
The best known succulents are cacti.
The first settlers arrived in 1821.
Interest in taking photographs soon followed.
This adult fish is 8.5 cm.
The live album and DVD One Crimson Night was released in February 2003.
And unfortunately we don't know in which of the cases this happens.
Police officers were portrayed as idiots who couldn't see even obvious clues.
For events where the precise time , day or month is not known , the user may omit these details.
Many human cultures make use of ants in cuisine , medication and rituals.
Pipelines improve performance by allowing a number of instructions to work their way through the processor at the same time.
It is home to Troy University.
His name was Van Gogh . ''
See Terms of Use for details.
Well over one thousand musical compositions have been inspired by Hugo 's works from the 1800s until the present day.
Using the major pentatonic scale is an easy way out of this problem.
He was one of the early volunteers for the SS and the NSDAP.
The New American Bible is a Catholic Bible translation first published in 1970.
Herne Hill station would be on a large reversing loop with one platform.
The players ran in one direction.
Budíkov was first documented in 1226.
A standardized time system was first used by British railways on December 11 , 1847 , when they switched from local mean time to Greenwich Mean Time.
Cambridge is best known as the home of the University of Cambridge , one of the world 's premier universities.
The name Eloise was later retired.
It rotates once every 5.27 hours.
Soon afterwards a new marketplace was opened , as well as St. Peter 's and Paul 's hospital and gymnasium.
See the how-to guide for that.
First , three hurricanes reached Category 5 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
At one time Atomic City , Idaho was actually called Midway , Idaho.
S-line must be encased within and.
The Great Barrier Reef supports a diversity of life , including many vulnerable or endangered species , some of which may be endemic to the reef system.
He concluded that the production `` isn't about two women being funny.
The event continued to promote under The Great American Bash name before changing to The Bash in 2009 . The event chronology of The Great American Bash continues to run under The Bash name.
The language monument at Paarl wasn't the first monument to commemorate Afrikaans.
Duke Nukem 3D was ported to many of the consoles of that time.
It is commonly used to make clothing , bed sheets , and sleepwear.
Masur has been married three times.
Saint Alphonsa is the first saint.
He used the calculations of Urbain Le Verrier to know where to look.
Macropodiformes is one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia.
GMR has triggered the rise of a new field of electronics called spintronics.
The following list of cat breeds includes domestic cat breeds and domestic/wild hybrids.
He died at home eleven days later as a result of the injury.
This horse had a wedge-shaped head , large eye socket and small muzzle , all characteristics of the Arabian horse.
Mainstream films can best be defined as commercial films that have a wide release and play in first run theaters.
This would move The Tonight Show to 12:05 am , a post-midnight timeslot for the first time in its history.
The Wolverine is an easy example.
Recorded observations of Mercury date back to at least the first millennium BC.
It comes equipped with default styles that should work for most navigational templates.
Another visible property is exponential growth.
This is a list of children of U.S. Presidents , including stepchildren , adopted children , and alleged illegitimate children.
The pass road begins at Dargai.
You can use the wikibreak template for this purpose . Let 's say wants to go on wikibreak until Christmas.
They exit , leaving Figaro alone.
The resolution of this problem may well be in the properties of polyphosphates.
And the fourth is the type of man , who needs light , that so there may be God , the Word , wisdom , man . ''
For more options , see below.
This is produced by plucking the required string to sound an open note.
The name Anita was later retired.
The Great Gerbil is a large gerbil found throughout much of Central Asia.
Globulins are characterized by water solubility.
Tim Hortons has many outlets located on or near many Canadian Forces Bases.
It consists of three user profiles.
His discovery , first published in the Geelong Advertiser on 7 July 1851 triggered the first gold rush in Victoria.
Each country is allowed one vote.
It is done by proving that the first statement in the infinite sequence of statements is true , and then proving that if any one statement in the infinite sequence of statements is true , then so is the next one.
It is well , with my soul , It is well , with my soul , It is well , it is well , with my soul.
Homemade ginger beer may contain alcohol.
In the North-East of Sherwan Union Council there is another Place called Patheel.
This arrangement also did not last long , as 12-year-old Norma Jeane was assaulted by one of Olive 's sons.
Mammals during pregnancy can have one or more gestations at the same time.
The first one to be founded was the Arthur Ransome Club in Japan.
A saddle , regardless of type , must fit both horse and rider.
It underwent yet another change when Sir Martin Laing retired in early 2002.
The official fan club of Mr. Children is called Father & Mother , the title being derived from their name.
Its key signature has three sharps.
The name Camille was later retired.
A married name is the family name adopted by a person upon marriage , and in speaking of the many cultures where the practice is traditional for women , the maiden name is the family name that the married name replaces.
In May that year , the couple were married , and soon after Johnny Bundy adopted Ted , legally changing his last name to `` Bundy ''.
Evaporation exceeds precipitation , the level of water in lakes like Lake Chad falls , and rivers become dry wadis.
São Paulo has two main airports.
By that time , there were 80 Franklins supermarkets across New South Wales . The only Franklins store to open that year was the one in Newcastle.
The art center is also home to the Gold Coast City Art Gallery.
Water from these rivers come from the granitic areas and is very pure.
In 1930 , the union changed its name to the Fire Brigades Union.
This experience inspired him to write his first work Storm on the Aconcagua.
The sets in are the open sets , and their complements in X are called closed sets . A set may be neither closed nor open , either closed or open , or both.
The parameters to must use the pipe '' '' , like this :.
Blueberries grow in April and May.
It was first published in 2001.
The corresponding word in Greek is , meaning `` a set of three '' or `` the number three ''.
It was first published in 2000.
Individual seeds are sometimes chewed , in much the same way as chewing-gum.
In 1954 Foucault published his first book , Maladie mentale et personnalité , a work which he would later disavow.
For now everything is factored through http://www.undemocracy.com
Many Buller 's Albatrosses and Black-footed Albatrosses nest under trees in open forest.
Lorenz does not see human independence from natural ecological processes as necessarily bad.
Traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts and black socks with red turn-downs.
Its county seat is New Cordell.
Holiday made one major film appearance , opposite Louis Armstrong in New Orleans.
Rounding is always to one decimal place ; the units are not wikilinked.
Serenity won the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form.
In a sure display of the demand for the toy , some sellers at the time scammed people out of a great sum of money , without even having first given them a Furby.
Ejaculation may occur spontaneously during sleep.
An entire family is considered responsible for whatever one of them has done.
She was the 27th First Lady.
The first written mention of the town of Düsseldorf dates back to 1135.
Frenchman Jean-Claude Killy won three gold medals in all the alpine skiing events.
Elvira comes to her window ..
He also met his fellow Norwegian composer Rikard Nordraak , who became a good friend and source of great inspiration.
It was first published in 2006.
The Hokkaido Wolf was larger than the Honshū Wolf , more closely approaching the size of a regular Gray Wolf.
It was first published in 2005.
A complete set of cards is called a pack or deck , and the set of cards held at one time by a player during a game is commonly called their hand . A deck of cards may be used for playing a great variety of card games , some of which may also incorporate gambling.
After receiving the news of the important award , Yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in Bangladesh.
Though Sandra saw through the lie , Jon successfully convinced the other players , forcing them to give up the reward to Jon and then having to spend one night on Morgan 's old beach while Jon and his friend hung out alone , celebrating the lie 's success.
Like Mother , Mother 3 has only a loose connection to EarthBound , starring new characters , though it does include several returning characters . A collection of Mother and EarthBound was released in Japan under the title Mother 1 + 2.
Bourke 's account was from an interview with Crazy Horse 's relative and rival , Little Big Man , who was present at Crazy Horse 's arrest and wounding . The interview took place over a year after Crazy Horse 's death.
Another famous delicacy is the `` Cendol '' . Presently , the owner , Munusamy , of `` Cendol Klang '' store , located at the heart of Klang town center , has come a long way to where it is today.
Another boatload of asylum seekers was taken from Christmas Island to Papua New Guinea for processing , after it was claimed that many of the adult asylum seekers threw their children into the water , apparently in protest at being turned away.
It features actor Michael Ealy as Knowles ' love interest and unlike the first three music videos from the album , which were shot in black and white , `` Halo '' is the first video to be shot fully in color.
The avocado fruit is poisonous to some birds , and the ASPCA and many other sites list it as toxic to many animals including cats , dogs , and horses . Avocado is an ingredient in AvoDerm dog food and cat food.
A major hurricane , the Great Gale of 1848 , hit near present-day Sarasota , Florida on September 25 , creating a new waterway now called New Pass , named by William Whitaker as the first person to see this new waterway.
The Hornets opted to keep their base of operations in Oklahoma City for the 2006 - 07 season due to the continued recovery efforts in New Orleans but promised to return to New Orleans full time , possibly as early as 2007.
`` Give It Away '' was released as the first single ; it won a Grammy award in 1992 for `` Best Hard Rock Performance With Vocal '' and became the band 's first number one single on the Modern Rock chart.
Fine Gael , having gambled that former Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald would run as its candidate then approached another senior figure , Peter Barry , who had previously been willing to run but had run out of patience and was no longer interested.
This client , who is actually Jack the Ripper , murders Lulu , and then on his way out kills the Countess as well , who swears her love to Lulu as the curtain falls.
In the 1980s , the club had one of the best teams in Spain and Europe , winning two UEFA Cups , five consecutive Spanish championships , one Spanish cup and three Spanish Super Cups.
Barbara Pierce Bush is the wife of the 41st President of the United States George H. W. Bush , and mother of the 43rd President George W. Bush and 43rd Governor of Florida Jeb Bush.
The human penis is made up of three columns of tissue : two corpora cavernosa lie next to each other on the dorsal side and one corpus spongiosum lies between them on the ventral side.
Over the next few weeks , all three men faced each other in Handicap matches , which all three men won over the three week period by pinning and making each other submit , respectively.
At those secret meetings they met with `` foure black things , going upright , and yet not like men in the face '' , with whom they ate , danced , and had sex.
When he was three years old , his mother died , forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage , as Benny 's father could not take care of them.
The word baron comes from Old French baron , itself from Old High German and Latin baro meaning '' man , warrior '' ; it merged with cognate Old English beorn meaning `` nobleman . ''
651 : Last Sassanid ruler Yazdegerd III then fled eastward from one district to another , until at last he was killed by a local miller for his purse at Merv , ending the dynasty.
He also gives an example of an adult that can make mistakes in vision because of how one 's experience suggests that they are seeing one thing , when they are really seeing something else.
The family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles.
It has a regular year of 365 days divided into 12 months , and a leap day is added to February every four years . Hence the Julian year is on average 365.25 days long.
In the Reward Challenge , Bobby Jon struggled to swallow as he put all his servings in his mouth , but Tom strategically ate one egg at a time , thus granting Koror another victory.
Some say another reason for Ultraman to recharge is because the Earth is badly polluted by humans , so Ultraman only has three minutes on Earth , but can survive long enough in outer space.
If we assume that each operation can be completed in one unit of time then these three instructions can be completed in a total of two units of time , giving an ILP of 3/2.
If a Bantu mother has lost two children in succession , the next child born is taken out at dawn and placed on the road , where it is left till a neighbor , usually a woman friend who has gone that way on purpose , picks it up and takes it to its mother who gives a goat in return ; a somewhat similar custom prevails among the Niotic tribes.
He had first bought a plastic horn in Los Angeles in 1954 because he was unable to afford a metal saxophone , though he didn't like the sound of the plastic instrument at first.
One thing that I can say , however , is that even if I am unable to discover some fundamental purpose to life , this will not give me a reason to return to Christianity.
To keep tea pots hot after tea is first brewed , early English households employed the Tea Cosy , a padded fabric covering , much like a hat , that slips over the tea pot.
Georgiana May , a friend of Stowe 's , wrote a letter to the author stating that `` I was up last night long after one o'clock , reading and finishing Uncle Tom 's Cabin.
There are certain ambiguities in this formulation of the problem : it is unclear whether or not the host would always open another door , always offer a choice to switch , or even whether he would ever open the door revealing the car . The standard analysis of the problem assumes that the host is indeed constrained always to open a door revealing a goat , always to make the offer to switch , and to open one of the remaining two doors perfectly randomly if the player initially picked the car.
Bald in the English name is derived from the word piebald , and refers to the white head and tail feathers and their contrast with the darker body.
Evelyn , having by now made a true friend in Ninny , offers Ninny a room in her home for the rest of her days ; Ninny accepts.
On the showdown , each player plays the best poker hand they can make from the seven cards comprising his two hole cards and the five community cards.
Norway won the most medals , the first time a country other than the USSR had done so since the USSR first entered the Winter Games in 1956.
Coming before the crowd one last time , Pilate declares Jesus innocent , washing his own hands in water to show he has no part in this condemnation.
Hurricane Alma was the first of three consecutive storms to come close to , or make landfall on , the Pacific coast of Mexico during a ten-day span.
Thus a paper clip is a useful accessory in many kinds of mechanical work including computer work : the metal wire can be unfolded with a little force.
The company also offers Absolute distilled drinking water , the second biggest selling bottled water brand in the market behind SMC 's Wilkins , and Summit mineral water.
He stated that she was then approached by a dark man in a black shirt similar to those worn by security guards as the young men drove away.
Some species in Africa and Australia are able to turn black after a molt following a fire in the region to blend in with the fire ravaged landscape.
It is also the digital radio home for Test Match Special , which provides full commentary without the shipping forecast included on the Radio 4 long wave coverage.
When it became clear that at that rate and depth production of the encyclopedia would never come to an end , it was decided to limit its extent.
Even so , the old man 's scream during the night causes a neighbor to call the police . The narrator invites the three officers to look around.
Children learn signs for common words , questions , phrases , movements , colors , sports , days of the week , everyday objects , and common activities.
One reason that the scheme initially works so well is that early investors those who actually got paid the large returns commonly reinvest their money in the scheme.
After Guccio 's death in 1953 , Aldo helped lead the company to a position of International prominence , opening the company 's first boutique in New York.
The main idea is that this category should cover enough main topics so that every single article would fit into at least one of the topics shown here.
If you would like to participate , please visit the project page , where you can join the ' discussion and see a list of open tasks . ''
Large portions of the circuitry were left idle at any one step ; for instance , the instruction decoding circuitry would be idle during execution and so on.
Each person normally has one pair of sex chromosomes in each cell . Females have two X chromosomes , whereas males have one X and one Y chromosome.
The atomic number of the atom goes down by exactly two , as a result of the loss of two protons - the atom becomes a new element.
A rain gauge is a type of instrument used by meteorologists and hydrologists to gather and measure the amount of liquid precipitation over a set period of time.
In the royal garden , Ilia asks the breezes to carry her love to Idamante , who appears , explaining that he must go to fight the serpent.
While conservation efforts may preserve some of the genetics of a species , the species may never fully recover if the natural memetics of the species is lost.
Other 3 digit years may be misinterpreted as well , so best practice is to use leading zeros to make a 4 digit year for this date range.
Terry made an agreement with Danielle that if either of them won the final immunity challenge , they would take the second place winner to the final two.
It is whitish-gray crane with a black head , red crown patch , black upper neck and legs , and white patch to the rear of the eye.
A nine-time Silver Slugger , and one of 25 people to have hit over 500 career home runs , he is well recognized for his strong offensive abilities.
Jaschiu and the other children run away , leaving Tadzio on the beach alone with Aschenbach . Tadzio beckons the author , but he slumps in his chair.
Nelly Kelly was sure some fan , She would root just like any man , Told the umpire he was wrong , All along , Good and strong.
His first published song was `` When You Want 'Em You Can't Get 'Em , When You 've Got 'Em , You Don't Want 'Em . ''
They were the first extraterrestrial species officially to make first contact with Humans , and later became one of the founding members of the United Federation of Planets.
Saul does so and makes David one of his armor-bearers and `` whenever the spirit from God came upon Saul , David would take his harp and play.
Residents not part of the religious communities are required to live in the peninsula 's capital , Karyes . Most workers live at the place where they work.
Other products include My First Britannica , aimed at children ages six to twelve , and the Britannica Discovery Library , written for children aged three to six.
The first Bahrain Grand Prix took place on 4 April 2004 , making history as the first Formula One Grand Prix to be held in the Middle East.
For example , he explained that the reason that parents as a whole are more fertile than their children is because children must necessarily come from fertile parents.
The mean anomaly is one of three angular parameters that define a position along an orbit ; the other two being the eccentric anomaly and the true anomaly.
The meaning of the name is Live , or Lieb for life or loveley , and - werde from werda means island , high place in a wather.
The steering currents would also weaken greatly and Gordon became nearly stationary for about 24 hours as well before a trough would come in and send Gordon northeastward.
Wiley 's Well is a remote , natural artesian well in the Colorado Desert of Southern California as well as the name of the region immediately surrounding it.
Film director Richard Linklater discusses this novel in his film Waking Life , which begins with a scene reminiscent of another Dick novel , Time Out of Joint.
Brian 's first solo album , Welcome Home was released on May 2 , 2006 , which like the Backstreet Boys projects , is a Sony BMG release.
However , the word taupe may often be used to refer to lighter shades of taupe today , and therefore another name for this color is dark taupe.
The story was based on his real life best friend , Lisa Hill , who was struck by lightning and killed when they were both eight years old.
The formation of the Isthmus of Panama joined the two continents two to three million years ago , precipitating the Great American Interchange , an important biogeographical event.
If at any time you meet with a prudent Woman , that Man that offers to meddle with her , without her Consent , shall suffer present Death.
Zeus makes several appearances on the show , even saving his son 's life and restoring his superhuman strength on one occasion when he needs it the most.
Evidently the death of Little Eva affected a lot of people at that time , because in 1852 alone 300 baby girls in Boston were given that name.
Maggie 's first lines were spoken in `` Good Night '' , the first short to air on The Tracey Ullman Show , after the family falls asleep.
This study can be limited to one language or can cover more than one language at the same time or may focus on studies of terms across fields.
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich is a novel written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn , first published in November 1962 in the Soviet literary magazine Novy Mir.
They all keep a straight face until Uncle Eddie says that the fig pudding is the best ever and asks Dad if he has added some new ingredient.
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something that makes him run out of time.
Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm increased the turbidity and lowered the oxygen level in the water , threatening many fish and other marine wildlife.
Soon afterwards the old city hall was demolished and replaced with a new one , and General Józef Zajączek financed the paving of all the city 's streets.
After a few hours of skirmishing the Dhonds retreated with the loss of two or three of their men who had come within musket range of the British.
From 1971 , the name Papua New Guinea was used for the Australian territory . On 16 September 1975 , Australia granted full independence to Papua New Guinea.
At rest , the proboscis lies within a long tube that may take up a considerable portion of the worm 's length , lying just above the gut.
The true parrots are about 330 species of bird belonging to the Psittacidae family , one of the two `` traditional '' families in the biological order Psittaciformes.
This is a partial list of the last five seasons completed by the Hornets . For the full season-by-season history , see List of New Orleans Hornets seasons.
Very large Francis and Kaplan machines usually have vertical shafts because this makes best use of the available head , and makes installation of a generator more economical.
The city is also home to the headquarters of U-HAUL International , a rental company and moving supply store , as well Best Western , a hotel chain.
Twin fawns , Geno and Gurri learn the pleasures as well as downsides of nature and their forest home , as their mother Faline raises them to adulthood.
In 1920 Blackpool Corporation took over the Blackpool & Fleetwood Tramroad Company gaining eight miles of track and three depots , two in Fleetwood and one in Bispham.
On the other hand , a man wearing a white hat who appears in the Last Judgement at Padua is also said to be a portrait of Giotto.
It is shown throughout the 2nd and 3rd movie that the crew of the Black Pearl , particularly Jack Sparrow , like to shoot at Jack the monkey.
WWE decided not to add another superstar in his place , making that year 's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to have seven participants.
Some members of the family have `` dog '' in their common names , such as the Raccoon Dog and the African Wild Dog . A few animals have `` dog '' in their common names but are not canids , such as the prairie dog and the dog fish.
The title , recreated specifically for Whedon , has been one of Marvel 's best-selling comics as of 2006 and was nominated for several Eisner Awards including Best Serialized Story , Best Continuing Series , Best New Series and Best Writer , winning the Best Continuing Series award in 2006.
`` Book Two : The Education of a Personage '' - After the war , Amory Blaine falls in love with a New York debutante named Rosalind Connage . Because he is poor , however , this relationship collapses as well ; Rosalind decides to marry a wealthy man instead.
The longest escalator is at Angel station , 60 m long , with a vertical rise of 27.5 m. They run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year , with 95 % of them operational at any one time , and can cope with 13,000 passengers per hour.
Gerbils are typically between six and twelve inches long , including the tail which makes up approximately one half of their total length . One species however , the Great Gerbil , or Rhombomys opimus , originally native to Turkmenistan , can grow to more than 16 inches in length.
However , God speaks directly to this question , condemns Job 's friends , and says that Job is the only man who has faithfully represented the true nature of God - that all his friends were wrong to say that faith and righteousness are rewarded . Only after Job 's friends make a sacrifice to God and are prayed for by afflicted Job does God restore all Job 's good fortune.
Miller 's return to Ibrox means he is one of only a few players to cross the Old Firm divide twice.
A wrestler may be expected to portray many gimmicks during their career , most of which may be implausible or inconsistent.
The narrator may be a servant of the old man 's or , as is more often assumed , his son.
The filling for pyrohy may be sweet and contain cottage cheese , or fruits like apple , plums or various berries.
In England and Wales , this must be done within 42 days and a Stillbirth Certificate is issued to the parent.
Not many people think of Hewes as playing a vital role in the creation of the country or credit him with many of his achievements but Joseph Hewes was undoubtedly one of the most important people of his time and a true revolutionary.
In addition , many businesses run by the church were cash operations , including several Japanese restaurants in New York City.
Frightened that he might not come back alive , Norma Jeane begged him to give her a child before he left.
The club was founded in 1892 after the merger of two local clubs , Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End.
However , Mayor Lacson did not live to see the realization of his dream as he died of a heart attack.
They have two sons : Julius Robert Bay Tapert and Judah Miro Tapert , both born in Auckland , New Zealand.
Through his writings he helped to make the world aware of the Gulag , the Soviet Union 's forced labor camp system - particularly The Gulag Archipelago and One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich , two of his two best-known works.
The most familiar numbers are the natural numbers or counting numbers : one , two , three , and so on.
The company later abandoned this approach in favor of attempting to make Linux applications easy to download , install and use.
The weft threads are usually wool or cotton , but may include silk , gold , silver , or other alternatives.
One way Stowe showed the evil of slavery was how this `` peculiar institution '' forcibly separated families from each other.
In reality Angle announced that he would be having neck surgery in May and would be out of action until August.
This excited Eisenstein , who had read and liked the work , and had met Dreiser at one time in Moscow.
Brett Gurewitz attributed his anger towards former US president George W. Bush as the major inspiration for The Empire Strikes First.
It is common practice in large stores to throw away such food , as it makes the stock control process easier.
His father died some time between 1832 and 1841 , and Johns and his three brothers took work as copper miners.
A Christmas tree stand is an object designed to support a cut , natural Christmas tree or an artificial Christmas tree.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
WWE Homecoming was three hours long - the second longest an episode of Raw has ever run in its 12-year history.
In 1979 , Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa - the innermost , essential nature of mind - for his work.
In 1863 , the New York Stock & Exchange Board changed to its current name , the New York Stock Exchange.
A relatively new technology , tidal stream generators draw energy from currents in much the same way that wind generators do.
Archival film footage of New Westminster 's May Day celebrations from 1932-1962 can be seen online at Quest for the Queens.
On May 31 , 1959 , she was taken to Metropolitan Hospital in New York suffering from liver and heart disease.
Winds sweeping across the ocean have a tendency to drive things to shore , much like driftwood collecting on the beach.
It has an identifiable head with four eyes , two sensory feelers or palps , and eight tentacles The Anterior region is called as Head which consists of two segments as anterior Prostomium and posterior peristomium and th last segment known as pygidium.
Albatrosses are amongst the largest of flying birds , and the great albatrosses have the largest wingspans of any extant birds.
Outside of Europe , he conducted at the Metropolitan Opera in New York as well as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra.
Many companies make small solid-state digital audio players , essentially producing flash drives with sound output and a simple user interface.
The state 's wine industry continued to grow as California emerged to become one of the world 's premier wine regions.
The mills have now all closed . Today Swizzels Matlow , who make children 's sweets , is a large employer.
For example , tumbling head over heels all the way across the ring from a simple punch would be an over-sell.
Ben Hall was born on 9 May 1837 , in Wallis Plains , in the Hunter Valley of New South Wales.
Idamante approaches him , but because the two have not seen each other for a long time , recognition is difficult.
The Twittys and their friends , with two Aruban policemen , went to the Van der Sloot home looking for Holloway.
As an exogenous tree grows , it creates growth rings as new wood is laid down concentrically over the old wood.
For instance , a user may choose to license main namespace changes in one license and talk namespace changes in another.
Three of his close disciples were kings , one an Asura and the other two both belonging to the warrior caste.
Today , the Taj Mahal stands as the ultimate monument to love , and a homage to her beauty and life.
For example , the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca is one of only two mosques in Morocco currently open to non-Muslims.
Fossils from New South Wales and New Zealand are estimated to be 50 million years old , corresponding to the Tertiary.
The orange was later sold to the Irvine Company , who would dedicate nearly half of their land to its cultivation.
The name Britain is derived from the Latin name Britannia , via Old French Bretaigne and Middle English Bretayne , Breteyne.
The service was initially run as a trial from 15 May 2006 until becoming a full service on 1 December 2007.
Thomas worked at the Natural History Museum on mammals , describing about 2,000 new species and sub-species for the first time.
She met him for the first time at a prom in Ludwigshafen , Germany , when she was 15 years old.
Couples who were to be wed on May Day would leap through the flames of the bonfire to seal their vows.
A few beetle genera also possess ocelli , which are small , simple eyes usually situated farther back on the head.
Dürer 's first painted self-portrait was painted at this time , probably to be sent back to his fiancé in Nuremberg.
The Rhesus Macaque , often called the Rhesus Monkey , is one of the best known species of Old World monkeys.
The 2002-03 season was Manchester City 's last at Maine Road , with the last match played on 11 May 2003.
Most common bony fish , including most fish kept in aquaria or caught for food , are neither electrogenic nor electroreceptive.
The bats ' punishment came about long ago when a great war was fought between the birds and the land animals.
If we take another sample of 25 cups , we could easily expect to find values like 250.4 or 251.1 grams.
Now called ` Back to Booktown ' , the township holds the event each year on the first weekend in May.
Pi Day is observed on March 14 ; since 3 , 1 and 4 are the first three digits of π.
Two years later that promise was fulfilled when he won the Gold Medal at the 1990 International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow.
The California State Fair is held in Sacramento each year at the end of the summer , ending on Labor Day.
It was also the first ever episode to use the signature title sequence , as well as the first regular episode.
In The Sand Reckoner , Archimedes gives his father 's name as Phidias , an astronomer about whom nothing is known.
Miriam di Nunzio of the Chicago Sun-Times praised Hutcherson and Robb 's performances , saying that `` the film 's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children 's eyes.
Professional dancers typically wear out pointe shoes much more quickly ; a new pair may wear out in a single performance.
It was also a haven for Gallic rebels and the like , and so could not be left alone much longer.
At one time , she co-hosted an infomercial for the AeroBed and has done infomercials for Rug Doctor carpet cleaning products.
It was later renamed Machina and then to Elephants Dream after the way in which Dutch children 's stories abruptly end.
Residents in Francois agreed to rebuild the wrecked home while the family temporarily resided in a summer home of another family.
Newton was the first to apply calculus to general physics and Leibniz developed much of the notation used in calculus today.
Today Lourdes has a population of around 15,000 but is able to take in some 5,000,000 pilgrims and tourists every season.
Queens was the home of Shea Stadium , the former home of New York Mets of Major League Baseball and the New York Jets of the National Football League , as well as the temporary home of the New York Yankees and the New York Football Giants . Citi Field , the Mets ' current home , is located adjacent to where Shea once stood.
Yehudi Menuhin was born in New York City , New York , to Bielorussian Jewish parents from what is now Belarus.
The latter half of the previous season follows two storylines , as such the cast is roughly divided into two groups.
The traditions that follow this tell that Babur soon fell ill with a fever and Humayun began to get better again.
The 12 '' single included the 1985 live version that would later appear on the 1988 album Tina Live in Europe.
After being arrested and soon released , in 1881 Cafiero went to London , where he remained for a long time.
In mathematics , the cardinality of a set is a measure of the `` number of elements of the set ''.
The first and second acts describe Harry Luckless 's attempts at romance and his efforts to make money by writing plays.
Claggart tells Squeak , the ship 's corporal , to keep an eye on Billy and give him a rough time.
Despite its name , Washington Mutual ceased being a mutual company in 1983 when it demutualized and became a public company.
Dance presented with music may or may not be performed in time to the music depending on the style of dance.
Her most widely used quote is `` There is only one happiness in life , to love and be loved . ''
One of the main criticisms of the SPL is the dominance of the two Old Firm clubs , Celtic and Rangers.
The extreme materialism of this work excited so much opposition that he was compelled to give up his post at Tübingen.
Two years later , her title defense against Xie Jun of China was scheduled to take place in November , 1998.
Shortly after , they signed with the PS Company label and in May , released their first EP , Cockayne Soup.
On May 4 , 2007 , a judge in New York ruled that Monroe 's rights of publicity ended at death.
Wistert was the first of three brothers to play for Michigan . The other two are Al Wistert and Alvin Wistert.
It walked on four short legs and had a long body , a long tail , and feet with hoofed toes.
A 2002 worldwide poll by Sight & Sound ranked Keaton 's The General as the 15th best film of all time.
Because of this , they are commonly used as guide dogs , mobility assistance dogs , and search and rescue dogs.
As he walks back into the stable a man jumps down upon him , Hercules turns to see it is Iolaus.
Along with this new platform there are plans to build a new ticket hall at the eastern end of the mezzanine.
Young Victor fell in love and against his mother 's wishes , became secretly engaged to his childhood friend Adèle Foucher.
Because of the lack of contemporary written records , there is very little factual information about the early life of Temüjin.
New Territories is one of the three main regions of Hong Kong , alongside Hong Kong Island and the Kowloon peninsula.
A dangling appendage that extends from the head of the fish attracts small animals to within striking distance of the fish.
The first school was opened in a log house in January 1901 , and the first teacher was Eliza R. Black.
However , he was actually on a CBS sound stage in Hollywood that was made up to look like the site.
Because of this burn , players who are betting can not see the back of the next community card to come.
Their first child , Samuel Orchart , was born in May 1857 but died of croup in August of that year.
When the Tsar was ill with typhoid , the little girl covered a miniature portrait of him with kisses every night.
Percy , accompanied by two friends , Annabeth and Grover , have 10 days to find it before the summer solstice.
Two decades would pass before the significance of Flemming 's work was truly realized with the rediscovery of Mendel 's rules.
In 2009 he won his first career major with a playoff victory over 59-year old Tom Watson in The Open Championship.
Mega Man X7 is the seventh main game in the Mega Man X series and the first to have 3D gameplay.
This WrestleMania has the distinction of the only WrestleMania not to feature at least one standard one on one wrestling match.
In 1985 the new Green Party prepared to enter into a German state government for the first time in its history.
While walking through the woods , they reminisce that it has been a long time since they last saw each other.
The Munich Oktoberfest , traditionally , takes place during the sixteen days up to and including the first Sunday in October.
In 2004 , drummer Brandon Barnes stated : `` I think we have a lot of different influences from hardcore like old Cave In , to a lot of punk like Face to Face , Screeching Weasel , and Down By Law . ''
The next day , Katie and Tom ceremoniously burned their shelter and everything that helped them survive the past 39 days.
Eagles produce between one and three eggs per year , but it is rare for all three chicks to successfully fly.
The Baudelaire children have left the unspecified city in which they live to spend the day at the deserted Briny Beach.
Carey Means is an American voice actor best known for playing Frylock in the Adult Swim show Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
In early 2009 , a live actor dressed up as a Corn Pops puff became the new mascot of Corn Pops.
Because so much biodiversity was lost , the recovery of life on earth took significantly longer than after other extinction events.
In 1998 , their inaugural league season , the Fire won the MLS Cup as well as the U.S. Open Cup.
Triton was flown by at about 25,000 miles away , and became the last solid world Voyager 2 would ever explore.
The place name La Hoguette is believed to derive from the Old Norse word Haugr meaning a knoll or a hill.
Halo 3 , like its predecessors , is set in the fictional Halo universe , taking place during the year 2553.
In 1950 , the Canadian Press named him the best ice hockey player of the first half of the 20th century.
During the conversation , Willy 's brother Ben comes on stage and begins talking to Willy while Charley speaks to Willy.
When cut in one direction it is a beautiful jet black ; when cut across another direction it is glistening gray.
When trying to improve the security of a block cipher , one might get the idea to simply use two independent keys to encrypt the data twice . Naively , one might think that this would square the security of the double-encryption scheme.
Though these animals are similar to pet mice and rats , the tail of a spiny mouse is much more delicate.
Since James pinned Victoria , however , and not Melina , Jonathan Coachman announced that a rematch would take place immediately.
Henna tattoos and silver nitrate stains that appear when exposed to ultraviolet light can take up to two weeks to fade from the skin . Temporary airbrush tattoos are applied by covering the skin with a stencil and spraying the skin with ink.
In autumn , O mother mine , In the full blossomed paddy fields I have seen spread all over sweet smiles.
Her mother Mary Haines Yorke died during a trip to New Orleans in 1820 leaving Sarah and her two sisters orphaned.
Two new teams , the Buffalo Sabres and Vancouver Canucks made their debuts and were both put into the East Division.
The video received five nominations for the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards , including Best Female Video and Best New Artist.
Eamonn actually asks for the hand of Liadan , she says that she will give him an answer in one year.
One of the best known sets of pirate articles was set down by the famous Welsh pirate Bartholomew Roberts in 1720.
After the announcement , the new pope is presented to the people and he gives his first Urbi et Orbi blessing.
Early Europeans used soft sponges for many purposes , including padding for helmets , portable drinking utensils and municipal water filters.
Two pairs of finger-like appendages are found around the mouth in most beetles , serving to move food into the mouth.
Network computing refers to computers working together over a network as opposed to stand alone computers like laptops and home computers.
Jackie French was born in Sydney and grew up in Brisbane , but moved to the bush in her early twenties.
Some viruses can live in an open environment for a short time , in some cases , only a few hours.
Valentine 's Day or Saint Valentine 's Day is a holiday celebrated on February 14 by many people throughout the world.
Today , the Escalade and Escalade EXT pickup are two of only three Cadillac vehicles made outside of the United States.
A dog sled is a sled pulled by one or more sled dogs used to travel over ice and through snow.
Aside from water vapor , which has a residence time of about nine days , major greenhouse gases are well-mixed , and take many years to leave the atmosphere . Although it is not easy to know with precision how long it takes greenhouse gases to leave the atmosphere , there are estimates for the principal greenhouse gases.
Like most seabirds , albatrosses are K-selected with regard to their life history , meaning they live much longer than other birds , they delay breeding for longer , and invest more effort into fewer young.
While there have been many theological disputes over the nature of Jesus over the first centuries of Christian history , Christians generally believe that Jesus is God incarnate and `` true God and true man ''.
In 1945 , Moore 's purchased a home in Albuquerque , New Mexico , where he would live for the rest of his life with his wife , Julie Chavez , whom he married in 1949.
Leslie 's father , Bill Burke , tells Jess that she loved him , and thanks him for being a very good friend to her , since she had trouble making friends at her old school.
However Chinese characters should not be confused with Chinese words ; since most Chinese words are made up of two or more different characters , there are many times more Chinese words than there are characters.
That year Ravel also met Ricardo Viñes , who would become one of his best friends , one of the foremost interpreters of his piano music , and an important link between Ravel and Spanish music.
Some , notably first-time sufferers , may call for emergency services . Many who experience a panic attack , mostly for the first time , fear they are having a heart attack or a nervous breakdown.
It is meant to be thrown the same as a fastball , but simply farther back in the hand , which makes it release from the hand slower but still retaining the look of a fastball.
Before dying , the Great Deku Tree gives Link the spiritual stone of the forest , the Kokiri 's Emerald , and sends him to Hyrule Castle to speak with the princess of destiny , Zelda.
The king comes back in at this moment and thinks Haman is assaulting the queen ; this makes him angrier than before and he orders Haman hanged on the gallows that had been prepared for Mordechai.
Good Girl Gone Bad was released through Def Jam Recordings on May 30 , 2007 . Rihanna re-released the album with a double-disc deluxe edition package titled Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded in June 2008.
You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '98 is Modern Talking 's first single released from the seventh album Back For Good , and it 's the first single after their reunion in 1998.
Yaks transport goods across mountain passes for local farmers and traders as well as for climbing and trekking expeditions . `` Only one thing makes it hard to use yaks for long journeys in barren regions.
There , Devil takes over Kazuya 's mind once again , and tells Heihachi that he has come to extract the part of the Devil Gene he lost the night Kazuya was thrown into the volcano.
The system is also unusual among planetary systems in that each is tidally locked to the other : Charon always presents the same face to Pluto , and Pluto always presents the same face to Charon . If one were standing on Pluto 's near side , Charon would hover in the sky without moving ; if one were to travel to the far side , one would never see Charon at all.
As time passes , the risk of damage to the heart muscle increases ; hence the phrase that in myocardial infarction , `` time is muscle , '' and `` time wasted is muscle lost ''.
First Great Western is the operating name of First Greater Western Ltd , a British train operating company owned by FirstGroup , which operates services in the west and south west of England and South Wales.
However , it is important to remember that Satanists generally do not view the Satanic sins , statements , and rules of the earth as things that one must go out of their way to do.
Thoreau 's 1849 essay Civil Disobedience , originally titled `` Resistance to Civil Government '' , the driving idea behind the essay was that of self-reliance , and also how one is in morally good standing as long as one can `` get off another man 's back '' ; so one does not necessarily have to physically fight the government , but one must not support it or have it support one . This essay has had a wide influence on many later practitioners of civil disobedience.
These three white dwarfs , the first discovered , are the so-called classical white dwarfs. , p. 2 Eventually , many faint white stars were found which had high proper motion , indicating that they could be suspected to be low-luminosity stars close to the Earth , and hence white dwarfs.
And so the King kept Scheherazade alive day by day , as he eagerly anticipated the finishing of last night 's story . At the end of one thousand and one nights , and one thousand stories , Scheherazade told the King that she had no more tales to tell him.
While flood damage can be virtually eliminated by moving away from rivers and other bodies of water , since time out of mind , people have lived and worked by the water to seek sustenance and capitalize on the gains of cheap and easy travel and commerce by being near water.
If this reaction does not take place , phenylalanine accumulates and tyrosine is deficient.
One end of the device is fitted with a single male type-A USB connector.
The first fossils of modern cockroaches with internal ovipositors appear in the early Cretaceous.
She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran , their leader.
He illustrated many books penned by Theodor Seuss Geisel under the pen name Theo.
A hand axe is a bifacial Stone tool of the Lower and Middle Paleolithic.
Gang is from the past participle of Old English gan `` to go ''.
Through a miracle it was revealed which of the three was the True Cross.
As of 10/17/08 , Joey is back on the radio after a long absence.
Like Buffy , it was produced by Whedon 's production company , Mutant Enemy.
Queen Sophie was a loving mother , nursing her children personally during their illnesses.
Built on land which ends on precipitous cliffs , lost balls really are lost.
The contract with Kyocera that gave the company naming rights expired in early 2008.
She wakes up and tries to run away , but the mice stop her.
It is therefore hypothesized that such systems may be able to evolve into autocatalytic sets of self-replicating , metabolically active entities that would predate the life forms known today.
One day at a studio he refuses to stop a thief , saying that it is the job of the police , not that of a number one star.
Two years later , she persuaded Keenan to live with his father in Michigan.
Many historians regard Offa as the most powerful Anglo-Saxon king before Alfred the Great.
Baseball uniforms were first worn by the New York Knickerbockers Baseball Club in 1849.
During the two years he studied at Yerevan # 8 college of Fine Arts.
Water mills were still in commercial use well into the twentieth century , however.
It can be helpful to think of the system as evolving once a minute , although strictly speaking the `` step '' may have nothing to do with time.
Von Moers also participated in the individual dressage event with his horse New Bank.
Two episodes were taped every other Tuesday , airing them on the subsequent Saturday.
Jan Zweyer is only his pen name . His real name is Rüdiger Richartz.
His views caused him a great deal of trouble with the establishment in Hungary.
The final three men in the match were The Rock and Jericho vs. Austin.
Raw and Nitro went head-to-head for the first time on September 11 , 1995.
The Firefox 2.0 instructions may not work on all browsers in the Mozilla family.
A close friend , singer Miriam Makeba , persuaded her to go to Liberia.
In addition , the Young Plan divided the annual payment , set at two billion Gold Marks , US$ 473 million , into two components , one unconditional part equal to one third of the sum and a postponable part for the remaining two-thirds.
For buildings of much over seven stories , traction lifts must be employed instead.
A bed is a large piece of furniture used as a place to sleep.
Timbuktu is assumed to have had one of the first universities in the world.
Soon after he left Nintendo , Yokoi began the company Koto Laboratory in Kyoto.
The first records of a settlement can be dated back to the 12th century.
In some appearances , Daisy is presented as a close friend of Minnie Mouse.
Jews and Christians believe that true peace comes from a personal relationship with God.
Film director Rainer Werner Fassbinder and actor Yank Azman were born in Bad Wörishofen.
Shutters in front of the lens were used in the early days of photography.
Next , a virus must take control of the host cell 's replication mechanisms.
A breakfast sausage is a type of fresh pork sausage usually served at breakfast.
An increasing number of embedded systems today use more than one single processor core.
Valmiera was first mentioned as a town in a chronicle dating back to 1323.
It allows the true brightnesses of objects to be compared without regard to distance.
Despite having two caudal vertebrae , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat has no visible tail.
It is also only possible for trees which are solid to the center of the tree ; many very old trees become hollow as the dead heartwood decays away.
Hugo Marie de Vries was a Dutch botanist and one of the first geneticists.
In fact , 99 % of a tree 's mass comes from the air.
A family tree is a chart representing family relationships in a conventional tree structure.
When they come out and flee , the dragon spots them and goes berserk.
Tod is sorry for ruining everything , and is brought home by Widow Tweed.
The town is one end point of the Murray to the Mountains Rail Trail.
In 1973 , three communities and three regions were established and granted internal autonomy.
Also , a recital may have many participants , as for a dance recital.
By this time Dürer 's engravings had attained great popularity and were being copied.
Each country contains 2 switch groups : one for acronyms , another for non-acronyms.
The first European settlement of the Peninsula was Port Arthur in the early 1830s.
Historically , the name Armenian has come to internationally designate this group of people.
A songbird is a bird belonging to the suborder Passeri of the perching birds.
Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods comprising one extant species and many extinct taxa.
Self-replication is any process by which a thing will make a copy of itself.
Despina mocks the sisters , advising them to consider new lovers over old lovers.
Wii Fit was the first game to make use of the Wii Balance Board.
Both Keymer and Clayton 's records go back as far as The Domesday Book.
On June 11 she released her first EP on her new label WOW Music.
It marks the first use of Bart 's catchphrase `` Eat my shorts . ''
Saurischia is one of the two orders , or basic divisions , of dinosaurs.
In March 1939 , Aberdeen changed the black and gold colors to red and white , reflecting the silver and red colors of the official City of Aberdeen arms.
It was set to air in early 1978 on a proposed Paramount Television Service.
These salaries were set centuries ago and reflect the living costs of the day.
The 1989 Formula One season was the 40th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
The following day , Tod and Copper admit their mistakes and are friends again.
Plante played for the Rangers for one full season and part of a second.
By May 1865 , Ben Hall had decided to escape from New South Wales.
Another legend involving Ryūjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones.
His three older sons are distinguished from one another by the nicknames `` Monk '' , `` Big Wheel '' , `` Red '' and `` Little George . ''
Schwabacher was a black-letter form that was much used in early German print typefaces.
This woman definitely bore two children , Dante 's brother Francesco and sister Tana.
The name may be derived from one of the earliest cattle stations , and is possibly the name of the river ford where people could cross the Lachlan River.
In fact Jacka was not recommended by his Australian officers in the first place.
When Graham was hospitalized briefly in 1976 , three Presidents called in one day to wish him well : former President Nixon , current President Ford and President-elect Carter.
The name of this league later gave its name to the canton of Graubünden.
This may have been because the Polans used to settle in the open fields.
The habitable zone is the intersection of two regions that must both be favorable to life ; one within a planetary system , and the other within a galaxy.
The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
Finally , he couldn't take it any longer and asked for medical assistance.
A move that would place the moving player 's king in check is illegal.
God speaks to the fish , which vomits out Jonah safely on dry land.
The name `` Doaba '' literally translates to `` land of two rivers ''.
Ned and Chuck fall in love again and he brings her home to live with him under the unique circumstances of their never being able to touch each other.
During his three year tenure , Anton received limited screen time on the show.
The band eclipsed their previous success with 2006 's The Black Parade , featuring their hit singles , `` Welcome to the Black Parade '' , `` Famous Last Words '' , `` I Don't Love You '' , and `` Teenagers ''.
His mother died on 13 April 1929 , when he was eight years old.
At the time , this was one of the few examples of state-supported schooling.
This is a set of lists of books by the first year of publication.
Mating begins between May and August , and the eggs are laid in September.
As well as Catholic there are also small Old Catholic and Anglican Franciscan communities.
The general rule involves two teams made from two up to five players each.
The railway at one point owned at least two trains of 1962 tube stock.
The festival also shows classics nature documentaries like `` Serengeti Shall Not Die ''.
The latter , Ingo Heinrich , who was responsible for the mortal shot in the heart , was at first sentenced to three and a half years of jail.
Constance Lowell proposed Zeus , then Lowell , and finally her own first name.
Several remixes of `` Say My Name '' were issued alongside the original version.
This creates an ideal culture for the virulent bacteria that live in its mouth.
15,000 hunters are registered in the departments , 3,000 to 4,000 of whom hunt in the Dombes , one of the best hunting regions for water birds in France.
Central Pier is one of three piers in the town of Blackpool , England.
In the opera , the part of the Fool consists of only one word.
After independence from the British , Balochistan like much of Pakistan has experienced development.
It is best represented in the tropics but there are species in every region.
Linux Mint is based on Ubuntu and the two distributions have much in common.
The first award was made to Edward Ardizzone for Tim All Alone in 1956.
Typically , stolons have very long internodes that form new plants at the ends.
Shah Rukh started the company for his friend and colleague , director-choreographer Farah Khan.
These provinces may take the form of national churches or a collection of nations.
The first issue was released on March 14 , 2007 by Dark Horse Comics.
C. aurantifolia is a shrubby tree , to 5 m , with many thorns.
It is similar to in the way that it has support for many parameters.
Also , some studies have found increased health benefits for red wine over white wine , though other studies have found no difference . Red wine contains more polyphenols than white wine , and these are thought to be particularly protective against cardiovascular disease.
Two years later the organization organized in Basel the first international bourse of coins.
Afterwards , for some time Hassan and Amir keep a distance from each other.
The first inhabitants settled in the territory of today 's Ain about 15000 B.C..
As the Roman Empire expanded northwards , Rome began to take interest in Britain.
Anderson moved back to Chicago , working again for a publishing and advertising company.
It can run from an optical disc drive without using a hard disk drive.
Elsewhere a young woman is collecting water , when the ground begins to shake.
Countershading is exhibited by birds of prey which hunt birds and other fast-moving animals.
The two remaining contestants ' golden balls are again put back into the ball machine and one more Killer ball is added , leaving eleven golden balls in play.
Most of the buildings were destroyed during the Great Fire of London in 1666.
Fertile eggs can be purchased and eaten as well , with little nutritional difference.
It is sometimes assertive toward other birds and may chase birds from feeders or other food sources , although this occurs much less often than it is blamed for.
Euroa contains several retirement villages , one high school , and two primary schools.
Moore and Mosconi would battle it out many times in unsanctioned but publicized play.
LaGrossa will again compete on alongside Tom Westman who returns for the first time.
Let be the round function and let be the sub-keys for the rounds respectively.
Born in Artena , Acciarito was an ironsmith by trade and lived near Rome.
Frampton 's international breakthrough album was his live release , Frampton Comes Alive !.
Thus , Pinta , like Niña , was not the ship 's actual name.
The 1985 Formula One season was the 36th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
Siddig was born in Sudan and has spent most of his life in England.
It was an early episode , showing early designs for a few recurring characters.
The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
This is preferable to something like or , since the cleanup categorization takes place.
It is not known how much , if any , of this story is true , but historians do know that China was the first civilization to use silk.
In 1994 the medieval old town was set on the UNESCO world heritage list.
The Canadiens defeated the Rosebuds three games to two in the best-of-five game series.
Don Alfonso joins the discussion and lays a wager with the two officers , claiming he can prove in a day 's time that these two women are fickle.
It may swim to safety , but some eagles drown or succumb to hypothermia.
The Epistle to the Hebrews is one of the books in the New Testament.
Another noted 18th century librettist was Lorenzo da Ponte , who wrote the libretti for three of Mozart 's greatest operas , as well as for many other composers.
Instead of a linear driving device , one may use a nonlinear update function.
Grover comes to the rescue and causes a Panic to scare away the enemy.
The standard server implementations and many clients are also free and open source software.
The administration of Ovando in Hispaniola was one of great cruelty toward the Indians.
The concerto is structured in two movements , each further divided into two sections.
Geneva observes Jeûne genevois on the first Thursday following the first Sunday in September.
There is no one way to describe the original and unique sounds of Boeremusiek.
These early experiences laid the foundation for life-long strain between the two high-profile cousins.
Approximately 8 million Tibetans and related peoples speak one of several related Tibetan languages.
The German-speaking Community of Belgium is one of the three federal communities in Belgium.
Catherine became pregnant for the first time , by Seymour , at age thirty-five.
This would continue through the next two tribal councils that Lopevi took part in.
Less often one will encounter half , or three-quarter , or otherwise altered flats.
Some high-end slide rules have magnifying cursors that make the markings easier to see.
In 2008 , Biden received the Best of Congress Award , for `` improving the American quality of life through family-friendly work policies , '' from Working Mother magazine.
The 2009 Formula One season was the 60th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
Voyager 2 also discovered auroras , like on Earth , but much more complex.
His work did much to draw the attention of the public to impossible objects.
A few people were injured by flying glass , though none required hospital care.
He first rose to regional prominence through his defense of New England shipping interests.
She has one son , Wesley , with her late husband , Jack Crusher.
The claw of a freshly caught lobster is full and fleshy , not atrophied.
He married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children , Andrew and Eric.
Its common names include antelope horns , green-flowered milkweed , and spider antelope horns.
The Francis turbine , named for him , is the first modern water turbine.
Hollywood Pictures is one of The Walt Disney Company 's several alternate movie divisions.
As the language was easier to learn , many Volapük clubs became Esperanto clubs.
The judge sided with Peters , but many astronomers and newspapers sided with Borst.
This species may be encountered in a wide range of open habitats and gardens.
Many of the municipalities in the area receive their drinking water directly from Vättern.
Bojan Krkić was born in Spain to a Serbian father and a Spanish mother.
The 1982 Formula One season was the 33rd FIA Formula One World Championship season.
One or two elderly Chinese and Indians still lived in Adelong in the 1950s.
He was the first to initiate the company 's exports to France and Italy.
There are 24 Vice-Presidents , three Senior Vice Presidents and two Executive Vice Presidents.
The Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy are the two brightest galaxies within the group ; many of the other member galaxies are dwarf companions of these two galaxies.
Biochemistry , like organic chemistry , primarily focuses on compounds containing carbon as well.
There are two races ; the first where each team has three skaters in a race against each other and the second for the best individuals of each conference.
Signing to Reprise caused many punk rock fans to regard Green Day as sellouts.
For wild dogs and other relatives of the dog , please move up to.
Harlan was named for one of Iowa 's early U.S. Senators , James Harlan.
Many mud volcanoes exist on the shores of the Black Sea and Caspian Sea.
The empty string is still a string upon which string operations may be attempted.
The marriage was not to last long as Emibai died a few months later.
Early editions of Silvanus P. Thompson 's Calculus Made Easy use the older term.
Chiron cures him and Percy leaves to attend another school found by his mother.
This makes Campeche one of the states with the lowest population densities in Mexico.
In fact , the last three presidents were previously officials in the Swiss government.
These fifteen golden balls are split among the remaining three contestants randomly and equally , with two golden balls on their front row and three on their back row.
The words mantle and pallium both originally meant cloak or cape , see mantle.
Boniface quickly dismissed the other delegates and asked Dante alone to remain in Rome.
It is home to the Big Merino , the world 's largest cement sheep.
Evil Jared recently announced that the Bloodhound Gang is working on a new album.
Melissa remained away from land during its lifespan , never threatening any land areas.
He mentions three by name : Morpheus , Icelos or Phobetor , and Phantasos.
Today , practically all seismograms are recorded digitally to make analysis by computer easier.
Some early morning services on the First Capital Connect route are provided by Southern.
The author of many books on Hinduism and metaphysics , Subramuniyaswami was one of the most prominent faces of Hinduism during the last two decades of the 20th century.
Although often associated with poor developing countries , sweatshops may exist in any country.
Other games that use poker hand rankings may likewise be referred to as poker.
Another of Groundwater 's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance.
Jackson won three Academy Awards for , including the Academy Award for Best Director.
Twitty continues to make television appearances when there are new developments in the case.
New Zealand English is the form of the English language used in New Zealand.
Wittgenstein 's work on Logic began to take on an ethical and religious significance.
Their spirits rise during a New Year 's party at Aunt Pat 's house.
Many years later when Max is in middle school , the real story begins.
Hot chocolate was first brought to North America as early as the 1600s by the Dutch , but the first time colonists began selling hot chocolate was around 1755.
Heart failure can affect the entire heart or only the right or left side.
Their weapons are spears with rather long flat blades without blood-courses and broad-bladed swords.
This species is also one of the largest and heaviest among birds of paradise.
In other words , it is the half maximal inhibitory concentration of a substance.
Afterward , both men fought to a no-contest in a Falls Count Anywhere match.
But Barry had taken it off him to learn to strum his first chords.
The name `` Gulf of California '' predominates on most maps in English today.
One day before Hindenburg 's death , Hitler flew to Neudeck and visited him.
He lives in Guilford , Connecticut , with his wife and their two children.
It presents a full program of performances and is also open for public tours.
In 1715 Old Town and New Town were merged to form a single town.
For a full list , see List of Masters of Trinity College , Cambridge.
Groundhog Day received worldwide attention as a result of the 1993 film of the same name , Groundhog Day , which was set in Punxsutawney and featured Punxsutawney Phil.
If you think the page should be deleted , see this page for instructions.
Leaves are spirally arranged and may grow 2.7 m long and 60 c wide.
It is named in honor of the Italian physicist Alessandro Volta , who invented the voltaic pile , one of the first early iterations of the first chemical battery.
The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th FIA Formula One World Championship season.
The album Nuff Said contains live recordings from the Westbury Music Fair , April 7 , 1968 , three days after the murder of Martin Luther King , Jr..
In June 1974 , Lennon and Pang returned to live in New York City.
The Live Vision is a webcam designed for the Xbox 360 and Xbox Live.
In the past 20 years or so , many new anchor designs have appeared.
Old Brownsboro Place is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States.
That is the usual way we make meta-templates since wiki markup has several drawbacks.
That side included Stone Cold , a man Angle claimed knew how to win.
Two Presidents have been women and most have come from the older member states.
Applied in this way , it may be a fallacy , a false dichotomy.
Each platform constructed specifically for the Victoria Line from new is 132.6 metres long.
The first vest used by the team had vertical white and light blue stripes.
Usually , a MSAD comprises one larger town and one or more smaller towns.
Like roving art galleries they depict all themes of life through their adorned artwork.
Alexander Nestor Haddaway better known by his showbiz name Haddaway is a Trinidadian singer.
The first column displays the header and the second column contains the parameter name.
He silences her by throwing his wig over her face , then falls asleep.
Two months after formation , the club name was officially changed to Shimizu S-Pulse.
Furby 's first public appearance was at the American International Toy Fair in 1998.
Examples include canines that live in packs , numerous insects , especially hymenoptera , humans , many birds , chimpanzees , and many other animals that display social behavior.
The term work was first coined in 1826 by the French mathematician Gaspard-Gustave Coriolis.
She has one brother , Robby , and two sisters , Carrie and Lori.
Many people also work in the numerous offices of international organizations located in Geneva.
An adult blue whale can eat up to 40 million krill in a day.
She is generally crowned by flowers and makes a speech before the dancing begins.
Comet Biela was one significant example , breaking into two during its 1846 perihelion passage . The two comets were seen separately in 1852 , but never again afterward.
She transferred back to James E. Taylor High School to graduate with her friends.
Some roller coasters , notably Wild Mouse roller coasters , run with single cars.
A herd may also refer to one that tends and cares for such groups.
It provides water to Simblee Dam , which is the water reservoir for Islamabad.
Many of the road passes are well known , such as the Grimsel Pass.
Network SouthEast was one of three passenger sectors of British Rail created in 1982.
It was eventually decided that the last episodes would be rescripted by John Wells.
Like many eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine.
Lunch food varies . In some places , one eats similar things both at lunch and at supper - a hot meal , sometimes with more than one course.
Tropical Depression Five-C formed on December 2 , two days after the season ended.
Many criminal operations engage in corruption , black marketeering , terrorism , abduction etc..
There are two strains , one with flesh and the other with red seeds.
The publisher characterised the story as '' ... a haunting story of power and love - the tale of the man who would destroy everything he loves to preserve humanity 's peace , and the boy who might just sing the world away ''.
William Harris Crawford was an American politician and judge during the early 19th century.
100 people worked 16 hours a day to construct the set for the event.
Some hope lies with the conservation and management programs in place as of 2004.
Philosophically this can be stated as `` nothing depends on time per se ''.
Some prefer to soak the lentils for an extended time and discard the water.
Another method of protection is the release of a sour liquid from the skin.
P. sativum is an annual plant , with a life cycle of one year.
This forced a playoff against the New York Giants , which the Dodgers lost.
The book also explains that nuclear power and clean coal are not clean technologies.
The Gospel of John refers to one disciple as the one whom Jesus loved.
Also , in 2012 a new Harrow International School will open in Hong Kong.
Fewer than a quarter of a million people speak English as their first language.
The water wheel remained competitive with the steam engine well into the Industrial Revolution.
Ginger ales come in two varieties : golden ginger ale and dry ginger ale.
Weismann 's work on the demarkation between germ-line and soma can scarcely be appreciated without considering the work of German biologists during the second half of the 19th century.
Killer Kane swears on the Bible that he didn't murder Max 's mother.
It may refer to a lake by that name , or to a river.
But he is best known for his music in many popular Soviet movies ..
However , Balukas states , `` when they find out that my father doesn't play , many people think I must have learned the game from Frank McGown.
Gorgoneia first appear in Greek art at the turn of the 8th century BC.
This fresco cycle depicts the life of the Virgin and the life of Christ.
Charlotte 's Web is a 1952 children 's book written by E. B. White.
In Mein Kampf , Hitler refers to Martin Luther as a great warrior , a true statesman , and a great reformer , alongside Wagner and Frederick the Great.
Every Form 1 student has to learn to play at least 1 musical instrument.
Two small rivers run through the town , the Skunk River and Squaw Creek.
Halls was first made in the 1930s in Britain by the Halls Brothers company.
Leslie gives Jess an art kit for his birthday , much to his delight.
One of her earliest recordings was in 1972 on an anthology called Stagfolk Live.
He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain hemorrhage which was possibly triggered by the anticoagulant medication he was taking after the heart surgery.
Montpellier is one of the few large cities in France without a Roman background.
You may also want to read our introduction page to learn more about contributing.
The two Chinese characters in the name `` Xi'an '' literally mean Western Peace.
One day , he is bitten by a radioactive spider during a science demonstration.
A hurricane was first detected off the coast of North Carolina in early October.
Never Been Kissed was produced by Drew Barrymore 's production company , Flower Films.
Gurnemanz explains that today is Good Friday , when all the world is renewed.
Hunting season comes and Slade takes his dogs into the wilderness for the interim.
This makes Forestle one of the few web search sites that are green certified.
Gluck 's masterly Iphigénie en Tauride was first produced on May 18 , 1779.
Gilley , Lewis , and another cousin Jimmy Swaggart played piano together as children.
The ideal example is the natural process of bees sealing of the honey in honeycomb cells with wax caps . The best honey is in the uncut honey combs.
In this way , energy is transferred from the water flow to the turbine.
The African Bush Elephant is the larger of the two species of African elephant.
Today she is considered one of Korea 's most famous and accomplished ballad singers.
The poet and story writer Henry Lawson was born on the nearby gold fields.
Walloon in Walloon Brabant is likely one of the first uses of the word.
This bill is composed of several horny plates , and along the sides are the two `` tubes '' , long nostrils that give the order its former name.
Karn had previously operated an organ and piano manufacturing company under his own name.
Players can pick up dead balls and throw them back at the other team.
Frequent ejaculation through masturbation from an early age fosters frequent ejaculation well into adulthood.
The book chronicles events which take place in the fictional space colony of Windhaven.
The civil protection agency head Antonio Cunha closed all schools as a precautionary measure.
In many states there are separate divisions for law and equity within one court.
Most mug shots are two-part , with one side-view photo , and one front-view.
Fiedler counts today as one of the leading poster artists of post-war East Germany.
The Vale of White Horse is a local government district of Oxfordshire in England.
The Greek work , however , did not extend to a full coordinate system.
The name comes from the Greek hapsis , touch , and nema , thread.
Left luggage , also luggage storage or bag storage , is a place where one can temporarily store one 's luggage so as to not have to carry it.
The back of the thorax is gray with two dark bands around both sides.
Langston is home to Langston University , the only historically black college in Oklahoma.
General practice clinics are run by one or several general practitioners or practice managers.
The World Meteorological Organization retired one name in the spring of 2001 : Keith.
A new stone building was erected to house the Big Horn Academy in 1916.
Physical conditioning is the best way to avoid or lessen the degree of sprains.
The police are waiting outside , and Killer Kane goes back to prison forever.
The full chorus goes : `` Throw the Jew down the well/So my country can be free/You must grab him by his horns/Then we have a big party . ''
Another potential source of difficulties resides in the way certain calculated values are expressed.
Nundle is noted as one of the best areas in the State for crystals.
And some of the girls who are my best friends voted against me . ''
The other Bohemians go out , but Rodolfo remains alone for a moment in order to finish an article he is writing , promising to join his friends soon.
The Hồ Chí Minh Museum in Hanoi is dedicated to his life and work.
Patrick Head , is co-founder and Engineering Director of the Williams Formula One team.
Autopsies indicated the three women had been thrown into the water while still alive.
A hash function may map two or more keys to the same hash value.
A second parameter may be used if only one year is to be displayed.
However Armenian gravestones take many other forms , and only a minority are khatchkars.
The largest animals generally eat first , while the smaller ones follow a hierarchy.
Other methods included dousing saffron fibers with viscid substances like honey or vegetable oil.
He has written many books of poetry and short stories as well as novels.
Big Stone Gap is a town in Wise County , Virginia , United States.
They are one of the top ten most popular horse breeds in the world.
Porcupines come in various shades of brown , gray , and the unusual white.
Throughout his tours , Basie met many great jazz musicians , including Louis Armstrong.
Coweta is home to two sites on the National Register of Historic Places list.
One new nation has entered their Cup winner and second-placed football team : Montenegro.
The system closed in 1962 and was the last city tramway in Great Britain.
There , Longfellow met Nathaniel Hawthorne , who would later become his lifelong friend.
Air New Zealand Limited is the national airline and flag carrier of New Zealand.
For more technical details see the and the `` See also '' links below.
Namur is a province of Wallonia , one of the three regions of Belgium.
Bluebird K7 is a hydroplane with which Donald Campbell set seven water speed records.
Two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net like tennis.
The Irvine Company 's Valencia operation later split from the company and became Sunkist.
Adolf William had five sons , but the first four died soon after birth.
The first fiberglass baja kit was not introduced until 1969 by the Miller-Havens company.
On the seventh day , everyone is exhausted from their work and craves rest.
The eastern end has retained much original glass , which is rare in England.
Lennon thought it would be a good idea for the musicians to live under one roof to ensure they would get to the studio on time , so Pang rented a beach house in Santa Monica , for her , Lennon , Nilsson , Ringo Starr and Keith Moon to live in . At this time , Pang encouraged Lennon to reach out to family and friends.
The oldest standing home in Richmond , the Old Stone House , is in use as the Edgar Allan Poe Museum , though Poe never lived there . The collection includes many items Poe used during his time with the Allan family and also features several rare first printings of Poe works.
Buxton is home to Poole 's Cavern , an extensive limestone cavern open to the public , and St Ann 's Well , fed by the geothermal spring bottled and sold internationally by Buxton Mineral Water Company.
The number of days shown includes part days . For example , if a pope 's reign commenced on 1 August and he died on 2 August , this would count as having reigned for two days.
In early July Staunton agreed provided he was given time to get back into practice on openings and endgames , and provided that he could manage all this without breaking the publication contract for his Shakespearean work.
As a precaution , MandrakeSoft renamed its products by removing the space between the brand name and the product name and changing the first letter of the product name to lower case , thus creating one word.
Herodotus said that Homer lived 400 years before his own time , which would place him at around 850 BC ; but other ancient sources gave dates much closer to the supposed time of the Trojan War.
It is also occasionally called the `` human fish '' by locals because of its skin color , similar to that of white people , as well as `` cave salamander '' or `` white salamander . ''
It is the only station on the Morden branch of the Northern line whose name begins with a vowel and is one of only two stations on the London Underground with only four letters in its name.
One of the first European exports , the horse , changed the lives of many Native American tribes on the Great Plains , allowing them to shift to a nomadic lifestyle based on hunting bison on horseback.
Her Sanskrit name is `` Sarasvatî Devî '' , which means `` flowing water '' , and so Benzaiten is the goddess of everything that flows : water , words , speech , eloquence , and music.
Three singles were released from the album : `` Straight from the Heart '' , `` Cuts Like a Knife '' and `` This Time '' ; the three were responsible for launching Adams into mainstream popularity.
The Cairo International Book Fair is a major book fair held every year in the last week of January in Cairo , Egypt , at the Cairo International Fair Grounds in Madinat Nasr , near Al-Azhar University.
These included the skeleton of the first ichthyosaur skeleton to be recognized as such and the first two plesiosaur skeletons ever found , the first pterosaur skeleton found outside of Germany , and some important fossil fish.
The three vessels made a faster trip than the First Fleet , arriving at Port Jackson in the last week of June 1790 , three weeks after Lady Juliana , and one week after the storeship Justinian.
The town was first mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Neuport , which is Old English meaning New Market Town , but by that time the old Anglo-Saxon town was dominated by the Norman invaders.
Both parents and children say that young girls feel intense pressure from television shows and other children to look pretty and sexy and say that peer pressure , magazines , pop stars like Britney Spears and TV shows like Miley Cyrus ' Hannah Montana increase children 's demands to have spa treatments such as waxing , microdermabrasion and chemical peels.
On such systems three octal digits per byte would be required , with the most significant octal digit representing two binary digits.
At the time there was no state , but towards the end of the 14th century early forms of government were established.
The Arthaśhāstra identifies its author by the name Kautilya , except for one verse which refers to him by the name Vishnugupta.
Roman Catholicism specifically holds that one may build and use `` likenesses '' , as long as the object is not worshipped.
Born and raised in Montreal , he was given his nickname due to friends deciding he looked like comic-strip character Andy Gump.
He was born in Brooklyn , New York and has lived in Los Angeles , California since he was 2 years old.
After his death , the Canadiens retired his jersey number , the first time the team had done so for any player.
All dates in 1918 Montreal had won the first half of the NHL split season and Toronto had won the second half.
The condition attached to the construction was that the Devil would get the soul of the first to pass over the bridge.
In the last two decades of his life , he often received requests for autographs from strangers , which he always sent.
A nest is a place of refuge to hold an animal 's eggs and/or provide a place to live or raise offspring.
The Piciformes contain about 67 living genera with a little over 400 species , of which the Picidae make up about half.
Life is physically daunting and psychologically monotonous for most colonists , so the UN must draft people to go to the colonies.
Thelma Catherine Ryan was born in the small mining town of Ely , Nevada , the day before St. Patrick 's Day.
Bees are one of the few insects regularly used on advertisements , being used to illustrate honey and foods made with honey.
In many wrasses the opposite is true - most fish are initially female and become male when they reach a certain size.
The scales around the ears , lips , chin , and soles of the feet may have three or more sensory plaques.
For 25 years from Head was technical director at Williams Grand Prix Engineering , and responsible for many innovations within Formula One.
Full many a wonder is told us in stories old , of heroes worthy of praise , of hardships dire , of joy and feasting , of weeping and of wailing ; of the fighting of bold warriors , now ye may hear wonders told.
As the highest peak in Wales , Snowdon is one of three mountains climbed as part of the National Three Peaks Challenge.
Kakihara soon realizes Ichi can not hurt him , so he inserts two skewers into both his ears in a suicide attempt.
Act in good faith , never disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point , and assume good faith on the part of others.
Slade lowers his gun and leaves with Copper , but not before the two former adversaries share one last smile before parting.
Dürer may well have worked on some of these , as the work on the project began while he was with Wolgemut.
After a three-season run , the sketch was developed into a half-hour prime time show and was an early hit for Fox.
In 2003 he was ranked 10th on Rolling Stone magazine 's `` Rolling Stone 's 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time ''.
Like the Nile , the Niger floods yearly ; this begins in September , peaks in November , and finishes by May.
Tarrasch haughtily declined , stating that Lasker should first prove his mettle by attempting to win one or two major international events.
The nucleus of tritium contains one proton and two neutrons , whereas the nucleus of protium contains one proton and no neutrons.
Welch would like to have a career similar to PJ Harvey and Björk who are `` constantly creating new exciting stuff ''.
An adult hagfish can secrete enough slime to turn a 20 litre bucket of water into slime in a matter of minutes.
Old Faithful was named in 1870 during the Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition and was the first geyser in the park to receive a name.
The book focuses mostly on his life since the 1987 publication of his first autobiography , Metamorphosis : Stages in a Life.
Its oval-shaped head features prominent whiskers , black-and-brown ears , and a koban , a gold oval coin embedded in its forehead.
Pierre Corneille was a French tragedian who was one of the three great seventeenth-century French dramatists , along with Molière and Racine.
Angel eventually set out on a path of redemption , hoping that he could make up for his past through good deeds.
Majority rule is a decision rule that selects one of two alternatives , based on which has more than half the votes.
Steinitz had previously declared he would win without doubt , so it came as a shock when Lasker won the first game.
The project would bring the maximum output of the facility to 40 GW , twice that of China 's Three Gorges Dam.
The event was the third WrestleMania at Madison Square Garden but the fourth to take place in the New York metropolitan area.
More than half of the workers in Aarau live in the city 's suburbs , or farther away in the surrounding area.
Norton Internet Security held a 61 % market share in the US retail security suite category in the first half of 2007.
The various types of debt can generally be categorized into : 1 secured and unsecured debt , 2 private and public debt , 3 syndicated and bilateral debt , and 4 other types of debt that display one or more of the characteristics noted above.
The glockenspiel 's range is limited to the upper register , and usually covers about two and a half to three octaves.
She was first shown in the guise of Sheik , but it was later revealed that Sheik was one of two forms.
Born in 1048 CE and originating from Nisa , he ranks as one of the great masters of the Persian panegyric qasideh.
In The Brothers Karamazov , the character Dmitri Karamazov asks his atheist friend Rakitin , '' ... without God and immortal life ?
Like most arthropods , spiders lack balance and acceleration sensors and rely on their eyes to tell them which way is up.
Aikido is often translated as `` the Way of unifying life energy '' or as `` the Way of harmonious spirit . ''
In October 2008 , Pepsi announced that it would be redesigning its logo and re-branding many of its products by early 2009.
Salland may have been the early seat of the Salian Franks , the founders of the early mediaeval empire of the Franks.
Anastasia uses the wand to turn herself back to normal and then gives it to Cinderella , who revives the Fairy Godmother.
Generally , only men of high economic and social status have concubines . Many historical rulers maintained concubines as well as wives.
The promoter sees new cash flows as investors are told they could not transfer money from the first plan to the second.
Jimmie Foxx was the first player to win multiple times ; ten players have won three times and seventeen have won twice.
At the tree line , tree growth is often very stunted , with the last trees forming low , densely matted bushes.
This was also the third time the name `` Jose '' had been used to name a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic.
Men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body.
To make your code readable and easy to edit , you can put each wrappable `` line '' on its own line.
The name of the book comes from the first verse , `` The Song of songs , which is Solomon 's . ''
The Glossy-mantled Manucode , Manucodia ater , is a medium-sized , around 42 cm long , glossed green , blue and purple black bird of paradise with a red iris , black bill , long graduated tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers.
By the early eighteenth century brick making had been extended and four shops and one or two alehouses established on the common.
Rather , a good S-box will have the property that changing one input bit will change about half of the output bits.
Marie Skłodowska - Curie was the first woman to win a Nobel prize and the first person to win two Nobel Prizes.
Neither hypothesis actually answers the question of how life first originated , but merely shifts it to another planet or a comet.
Ania see Pithus outside the window and Hercules goes to tell him that the village doesn't need the help of Hercules.
Stuff is a collection , set , or group of items , things , or matter . Stuff may also refer to :
One day he accidentally rode stark naked through the outdoor set of a silent movie in production and was `` discovered . ''
He put a cinder block and rope in the truck , put Austin in it , and drove away on the truck.
The Red Sox won the series four games to three , having been down three games to none in the best-of-seven series.
Although most people without CF have two working copies of the CFTR gene , only one is needed to prevent cystic fibrosis.
Older children could continue in other communist organizations , but that would typically be done only by a limited number of people.
Voyager 2 discovered an anticyclone called the Great Dark Spot , similar to Jupiter 's Great Red Spot and Little Red Spot.
These moths have thin bodies and large wings like many butterflies but may be distinguished easily by structural differences in their antennae.
One man agrees but he is tricked when he is introduced to the real boxer , a towering brute of a man.
There are also two shops , a chemist , a Chinese take away , a butcher and a post office and florist.
The name of the village is a local curiosity , as its pronunciation differs to how one may try to pronounce it.
Information in this template may need to be updated from time to time as we obtain more information about the targeted user.
This went into many editions and translations in later years , and became a standard reference work for scientists in many disciplines.
In the last six years , Slovakia has won three medals at the World Championships , including a gold medal in 2002.
Many of the words in the modern Indo-European languages seem to have derived from such `` protowords '' via regular sound changes.
Grand Central Railway Company Ltd is a privately-owned train operating company running services under the name Grand Central within the United Kingdom.
In climate it is similar to the neighbouring Burgenland wine region in Austria , and several winemakers make wine in both countries.
On the basis of his discoveries , Flemming surmised for the first time that all cell nuclei came from another predecessor nucleus.
She won the 2008 French Open and was the runner-up in singles at the 2007 French Open and the 2008 Australian Open.
In two appearances as a pitcher , Wistert allowed only one run in eight innings , for a career ERA of 1.13.
Little Bastard soon became more and more aggressive and started attacking Finlay 's opponent during matches , much to Finlay 's dismay.
Jeremy Silman ranked him as one of the five best endgame players of all time , and a master of rook endgames.
After twenty-eight days at sea , balsam in the ship 's cargo caught fire and the crew was forced to abandon ship.
He received his first music lessons from his mother , who was a singer , and began composing at an early age.
Erasmus Darwin House , his home in Lichfield , is now a museum dedicated to Erasmus Darwin and his life 's work.
As a result , the bats were banished to the night , never to see the sun again without suffering terrible penalties.
South Korea aims to put a robot in every house there by 2015-2020 in order to help catch up technologically with Japan.
Two late night c2c trains pass through the station each day on the way from Liverpool Street to Barking and vice versa.
Mill argues that society should never use coercion to subdue an individual as long as he or she does not harm others.
Many of the generalizations noted above do not hold true for some schools of jujutsu . Old schools of Japanese jujutsu include :
Hercules goes through the fire and retrieves the Torch , he throws it and it lands in Prometheus 's home waking him.
Classic Case did a cover of `` Fell on Black Days '' on the band 's 2006 EP , Black Unicorn Split.
They are born without quills , which develop in the following days . The quills are easily visible within hours of birth.
Colin Powell , a long time advocate , has recommended a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day.
In the Central Pacific Hurricane Center 's area of responsibility , three depressions , two tropical storms , and one hurricane formed.
In September 2001 , he went to Wolverhampton Wanderers on a three-month loan , scoring two goals in his first two games.
The game is set in the fictional location of Spiral Mountain where a bear named Banjo and a bird named Kazooie live.
The name comes from the Greek typhos meaning smoky or hazy , describing the state of mind of those affected with typhus.
Press releases have stated `` it would allow digitally literate children the access to characters and resources they had come to expect.
Soda bread is a type of quick bread in which bread soda is used for leavening rather than the more common yeast.
`` All We Know '' is the third and final single from Paramore 's first studio album All We Know Is Falling.
Because of this low elevation , the islands that make up this nation may be threatened by any future sea level rise.
A micrometre or micron is one millionth of a metre , or equivalently one thousandth of a millimetre or one thousand nanometres.
The US is the world 's single most powerful country , but much weaker than the rest of the world put together.
The two tier architecture means that the client acts as one tier and application in combination with server acts as another tier.
In Bus Stop , Monroe played Chérie , a saloon bar singer with little talent who falls in love with a cowboy.
Three other Pacific storms , two of which were hurricanes , and three Atlantic storms also had a direct impact on Mexico.
When her old husband comes home from the hills , he is astounded to find a dazzling young lady in his house.
Three hundred sixty-two Trojan athletes have participated in the Olympic games winning 112 gold , 66 silver , and 58 bronze medals.
The match consists of thirty contestants , beginning with the two wrestlers who chose entry numbers one and two in the ring.
The first European settlers crossed Bass Strait landing near Geelong and worked their way up the Moorabool River with their sheep flocks.
This version incorporates the famous `` You 'll never catch me alive said he '' variation introduced by the Billy Tea company.
Pangolin are hunted and eaten in many parts of Africa and it is one of the more popular types of bush meat.
Another formulation of this idea came later : `` Organisms which never leave their ancient area of distribution will never change ''.
Like the genera that Stebbins had previously studied , Crepis commonly hybridized , displayed polyploidy , and could make seed without fertilization.
The first of Strabo 's major works , Historical Sketches , written while he was in Rome , is nearly completely lost.
`` If Bessie had been old enough , she would have gone with him , '' said Clarence 's widow , Maud.
On her deathbed Sorcha tells Iubdin that he must return to Harrowfield and learn the truth about John and Margery 's son.
The Weinsteins started a new film production company called simply The Weinstein Company , and took the Dimension Films label with them.
Though much of his work is categorized as lyric poetry , Longfellow experimented with many forms , including hexameter and free verse.
The North Island is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the South Island by Cook Strait.
Best known for his work as the Andy Hardy character , Rooney has had one of the longest careers of any actor.
Although feedback is an important aspect of control engineering , control engineers may also work on the control of systems without feedback.
The Last Olympian revolves around the demigod Perseus Jackson as he leads his friends in a last stand to protect Mount Olympus.
A war between the Others and the survivors comes to a head , and the survivors make contact with a rescue team.
Many people know Reims for its cathedral , Notre-Dame de Reims , formerly the place of coronation of the kings of France.
The company initially performed at the Old Vic , their first production being Hamlet , directed by Olivier and starring Peter O'Toole.
The structure allows repeating information using parent/child relationships : each parent can have many children but each child only has one parent.
She also supports the Love Our Children USA organization , which named her among their Mothers Who Make a Difference in 2009.
In this process , good works are more of an unessential byproduct that contribute nothing to one 's own state of righteousness.
Two points are awarded ; one for the team with the highest average and one for the individual with the hardest shot.
The name ecliptic arises because eclipses occur when the full or new Moon is very close to this path of the Sun.
The forester , also on his way home , sees the vixen and fires two shots at her , sending her running.
They were briefly left without a drummer until they were able to lure Skin Yard drummer Matt Cameron away from his band.
The eye may also represent secrecy , again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the old man or the narrator.
It was built in the sixth century BC , but was destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome during Nero 's reign.
So if then the dash will be one em in length , if it will be two em long and so on.
He was the youngest of eight children , born into one of the most prominent and wealthy families in the Austro-Hungarian empire.
The CBO became a full time organization in 1944 , changing its name to the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra in 1948.
At the time of European settlement Araluen was described as a broad alluvial valley with many natural billabongs covered with water lilies.
COBE was the first experiment to measure '' ... the black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation . ''
New Line also released many classic foreign-language films , like Stay as you are , Immoral Tales and Get Out Your Handkerchiefs.
The season finale was on May 14 , 2006 with the votes revealed live from the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York.
To punish mankind for stealing the secrets of fire , Jupiter ordered the other gods to make a poisoned gift for man.
The polonaise is a slow dance of Polish origin , in 3/4 time . Its name is French for `` Polish . ''
A space station is an artificial structure designed for humans to live and work in outer space for a period of time.
Monte Carlo is home to most of the Circuit de Monaco , on which the Formula One Monaco Grand Prix takes place.
Mudskippers are quite active when out of water , feeding and interacting with one another , for example to defend their territories.
He said that he called a friend , who told Van der Sloot to go home and who disposed of the body.
McCown performed well enough in the two games Warner missed that Green named McCown the starter for the remainder of the season.
His average of 1.97 goals per game was the first time a goaltender had averaged fewer than two goals against per game.
The bharal has horns that grow upwards , curve out and then towards the back , somewhat like an upside down mustache.
Like all insects , beetles ' bodies are divided into three sections : the head , the thorax , and the abdomen.
Outside the two caves is a sub-tropical garden lined with palm trees where one will find many species of trees and flowers.
A tree hollow or tree hole is a semi-enclosed cavity which has naturally formed in the trunk or branch of a tree.
This was followed by Eliza , set in the Swiss Alps , and Médée , which is Cherubini 's best known work.
Because demands placed on one liver enzyme can induce activity in another , many molecules become toxic only in combination with others.
In Japan , Daikokuten , literally , god of great Darkness or Blackness , is one of the Seven Gods of Fortune.
Many new words were either borrowed from or coined after European languages , especially English , Russian , German , and French.
Changes at the Platt Lane end took place in 1935 , extending the terracing and providing a roof for the full stand.
Perhaps the best known cultural reference to Banksia is the `` big bad Banksia men '' of May Gibbs ' children 's book Snugglepot and Cuddlepie . Gibb 's `` Banksia men '' are modelled on the appearance of aged Banksia `` cones '' , with follicles for eyes and other facial features.
While traveling through a wormhole , subluminal speeds are used . If two points are connected by a wormhole , the time taken to traverse it would be less than the time it would take a light beam to make the journey if it took a path through the space outside the wormhole.
`` A Moment Like This '' was its first single , followed by `` Miss Independent '' , `` Low '' , and `` The Trouble with Love Is ''.
Porcupines live in forests , deserts , rocky outcrops , hillsides and grasslands . Some New World porcupines live in trees , but Old World porcupines stay on the ground.
H. L. Mencken said that `` A dachshund is a half-dog high and a dog-and-a-half long , '' although they have been referred to as `` two dogs long ''.
The music video for `` Fell on Black Days '' was directed by Jake Scott , who would later direct the music video for `` Burden in My Hand ''.
Thus , if you wanted to know how much DM 1,000.00 marks in 1960 are worth nowadays , entering would provide a result still in marks , not in euros.
Because she also showed great promise as a composer , her parents decided to let her study composition with Anton Reicha , at the time composition teacher at the Conservatoire.
Canada Day , formerly Dominion Day , is Canada 's national day , a federal statutory holiday celebrating the anniversary of the 1 July 1867 enactment of the British North America Act , which united Canada as a single country , which was in turn composed of four provinces . Canada Day observances take place throughout Canada as well as internationally.
In order to change one 's name , one must apply for the relevant deed poll to be entered on the College 's registers and published in the London Gazette.
A kangaroo mouse is either one of the two species of jumping mouse native to the deserts of the Southwestern United States , predominantly found in the state of Nevada.
Eventually , Long got tired of these shenanigans , and at No Way Out 2006 , Booker was told to face Chris Benoit or be stripped of the US title.
Their alliance later became known in Poland as the `` Alliance of the Three Black Eagles '' , because all three states used a black eagle as a state symbol.
It was Jupiter who finally saved the day , he promised that if Vulcan released Juno he would give him a wife , Venus the goddess of love and beauty.
Booklist in 2001 said that `` Marillier 's virtuosic pacing and vivid , filmic style make this an engaging continuation of one of the last year 's best fantasies ''.
By May 20 , two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured , while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake.
Many people in the New Orleans metropolitan area expected minimal effects from the storm , but were cleaning up debris and were without power for days after Cindy 's passage.
When a player takes three or four moves to accomplish what castling would have accomplished in one move , it is sometimes called artificial castling , or castling by hand.
Pollen caught in webs may also be eaten , and studies have shown that young spiders have a better chance of survival if they have the opportunity to eat pollen.
Near the end of his life he described his love of his art , `` Each day I go to my studio full of joy ; in the evening when obliged to stop because of darkness I can scarcely wait for the next morning to come ... if I can not give myself to my dear painting I am miserable ''.
He was caught the next day , but while on the run he had killed the horse and cut his brand out of the hide , thus destroying the evidence.
The first edition of the latest version of the Tour of Britain took place over five days in early September 2004 , organised by SweetSpot in collaboration with British Cycling.
Now , let 's say we 've got a more complicated example , like the Lake Shore Limited , which runs from Chicago east to either Boston or New York.
During the summer practice sessions , the teams in question would cut the players well after signing day thus preventing the cut players from finding new colleges to play for.
Elena Sergeevna Katina , born October 4 , 1984 , better known as Lena Katina is one half of the Russian music duo t.A.T.u. ; the other being Yulia Volkova.
Built in two distinct phases , with two new buildings adjacent to the main Waterhouse building , it is the most significant new development project in the museum 's history.
BSELP002 - Cruel & Unusual A. Black Sun Empire - The Cooler B. Black Sun Empire & Corrupt Souls - Everything C. Black Sun Empire - Bitemark D. Black Sun Empire & SKC - Masquerade E. Black Sun Empire & Noisia - Hideous F. Black Sun Empire - Sideways G. Black Sun Empire - Future Frame H. Dino Sofos - Breathe Sunshine
In the case of the great albatrosses , it can take up to 280 days ; even for the smaller albatrosses , it takes anywhere between 140 and 170 days.
Both describe God as the One Divine Person , Jesus Christ , who has a Divine Soul of Love , Divine Mind of Truth , and Divine Body of Activity.
It initially featured one or two PowerPC G4 processors , but was later switched over to the new PowerPC G5 , and now runs on two quad-core Intel Nehalem CPUs.
The Angara 1.1 version is expected to be completed first ; its first launch will reportedly take place in 2012 from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome and in 2014 from Baikonur Cosmodrome.
Born to a dog demon father and human mother , InuYasha is a half-demon who initially wants to use the powers of the Shikon Jewel to become a full demon.
Associated with the tower is a 30 m high statue consisting of three figures - one with a hammer , one with a sickle and one with a writing brush.
Since 2003 , the popularity of live CDs has increased substantially , partly due to Linux Live scripts and remastersys which made it very easy to build customized live systems.
In early 1938 , Grace sent her to live with yet another one of her aunts , Ana Lower , who lived in the Van Nuys section of Los Angeles.
There are six black , fleshy filaments , the first pair near the head , the second on the thorax , and the third at the end of the abdomen.
She adopted the stage name `` Nina Simone '' in 1954 because she did not want her mother to know that she was playing `` the devil 's music ''.
In 1977 , the stone was moved 127 meters to make way for the new motorway passing over the St. Gotthard Pass , at a cost of 300,000 Swiss Francs.
While bubbles composed mostly of water burst quickly , water containing amphiphiles forms much more stable bubbles , lending more time to the particular bubble to perform these crucial reactions.
You can also use `` xx '' for a cross , `` xo '' for a black circle on an empty square or `` oo '' for a white one.
During this time , he played for the New York Rangers , Toronto Maple Leafs , Montreal Canadiens , Chicago Black Hawks , Montreal Maroons , and New York Americans.
However , in later serials , gold appeared to affect them rather like silver affects werewolves , with gold coins or gold-tipped bullets fired at them having the same effect.
`` Little Red Riding Hood '' , also known as `` Little Red Cap '' , is a famous fairy tale about a young girl and a big bad wolf.
Breeds listed here may be traditional breeds with long histories as registered breeds , rare breeds with their own registries , or new breeds that may still be under development.
This makes the Battle of Cannae one of the most catastrophic defeats in the history of Ancient Rome , and one of the bloodiest battles in all of human history.
The name comes from the Gaelic cill , and the name of Saint Marnoch or Mernoc who is also remembered in the name of Portmarnock in Ireland , and Inchmarnock.
The song was left off Don't Believe the Truth because Gallagher felt that including it would have meant he 'd have been singing too many songs on the record.
The Komodo dragon has a tail as long as its body , as well as about 60 frequently replaced serrated teeth that can measure up to 2.5 centimeters in length.
On 11 August 2009 Ryanair announced it would set up a new base at Leeds Bradford , initially basing two aircraft at the airport offering 17 routes from March 2010.
Six days before the launch , the sculpture suffered the first of three visible structural problems as the tip of one of the spikes detached and fell to the ground.
In the case where two fictional universes covering entire actual universes cross over , physical travel from one universe to another may actually occur in the course of the story.
Another hypothetical was the staging of the Haitian struggle for independence as depicted in Anatolii Vinogradov 's The Black Consul , influenced as well by John Vandercook 's Black Majesty.
Generally , a compromised machine is only one of many in a botnet , and will be used to perform malicious tasks of one sort or another under remote direction.
The article said that Essjay spent some 14 hours or more a day on Wikipedia but was careful to keep his online life a secret from his colleagues and friends.
A passage from Part Two of The Pilgrim 's Progress beginning `` Who would true Valour see '' has been used in the hymn `` To be a Pilgrim ''.
He had been speaking and writing of his own death in the days preceding his departure from home , but fell ill at the train station not far from home.
September begins on the same day of the week as December every year , because there are 91 days separating September and December , which is a multiple of seven.
A twin is generally defined as one of two offspring produced in the same pregnancy and/or born at the same birth process , although people with unusually high genetical similarity also may be called twins although they may not be born at the same time , such as with monozygotic twins . Offspring that are not genetically identical but are born at the same time are called dizygotic twins.
In the UK the upper house is appointed by the government as a house of review . One criticism of bicameral systems with two elected chambers is that the upper and lower houses may simply mirror one another.
The Nintendo Style Guide refers to the console as `` simply Wii , not Nintendo Wii '' , making it the first home console Nintendo has marketed outside of Japan without the company name featured in its trademark.
It was also revealed that the wearers of the necklaces will be ensured that they will have a tribe ; because the last man and woman that wasn't picked to join any tribe will automatically go home.
However , if one waits three Saros cycles , the local time of day of an eclipse will be nearly the same . This period of three Saros cycles , is known as a Triple Saros or exeligmos.
Associations may take the form of a non-profit organization or they may be not-for-profit corporations ; this does not mean that the association can not make benefits from its activity , but all the benefits must be reinvested.
It was during the 1840s that much of her chamber music was written . While the great bulk of Farrenc 's compositions were for the piano alone , her chamber music is generally regarded as her best work.
235 days , it leaves the pouch for the last time . The young Joey will permanently leave the pouch at around 235 days old , but will continue to suckle until it reaches 12 months of age.
In the wild , kookaburras are known to eat babies of other birds and snakes , and insects and small reptiles and even other small birds , such as finches if they are lucky enough to catch them.
Protrusion of the tongue is achieved by contracting circular muscles that change the shape of the tongue and force it forwards and contracting two genioglossal muscles attached to the caudal end of the tongue and to the mandible.
Barbara Pierce Bush is the elder of the fraternal twin daughters of the 43rd U.S. President George W. Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush , and the granddaughter of the 41st U.S. President George H. W. Bush.
The Australian Black Swan is completely black except for the white flight feathers on its wings ; the chicks of black swans are light gray in color , and the South American Black-necked Swan has a black neck.
Zidler then spies the two lovers and tells Satine to end it . Zidler walks away and Satine then faints again , but this time , she is unable to get out of bed until the next morning.
Pasargadae , the capital of Cyrus the Great and also his last resting place , was a city in ancient Persia , and is today an archaeological site and one of Iran 's ten UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
In International Morse Code , three dits form the letter S , and three dahs make the letter O , so `` SOS '' became an easy way to remember the correct order of the dits and dahs.
One literary critic said that had the novel not been about slavery , `` it would be just another sentimental novel , '' while another described the book as `` primarily a derivative piece of hack work . ''
Born in New York City , New York , he worked for The Walt Disney Company as a character designer and story artist beginning in 1933 on the Mickey Mouse short , `` Mickey 's Gala Premiere ''.
The SWAC is one of two conferences which do not participate in postseason play in the FCS football tournament - and is the only one of the two whose members offer a full complement of scholarships for football.
Early in the series , Molly is the only character who makes a costume but creates it from old bed sheets and clothes , not the traditional spandex of superhero costumes ; she never wears the costume again.
The Crinkle-collared Manucode , Manucodia chalybatus is a medium-sized , up to 36 cm long , greenish blue , black and purple glossed bird of paradise with long graduated tail , red iris and iridescent green breast feathers.
The problem with this type of mill arose from the lack of gearing ; the speed of the water directly set the maximum speed of the runner stone which , in turn , set the rate of milling.
In areas with two wet and dry seasons each year , there may be two pairs of light and dark rings each year ; and in some , there may be a new growth ring with each rainfall.
The Bible never speaks of God in an impersonal sense . Instead , it refers to him in personal terms - as one who is , who speaks , who sees , hears , acts , and loves.
For a long time , his first six appearances would stand as the show 's record ; his current tally of eight - the last being in 2008 - fall one short of the record for guest appearances currently held by Germaine Greer and Will Self.
Some responses include the arguments that true free will can not exist without the possibility of evil , that humans can not understand God , that evil is merely the privation of good , or that evil is a result of a corrupted and fallen world.
Washington has been awarded three Golden Globe awards and two Academy Awards for his work . He is notable as the second African American man to win the Academy Award for Best Actor , which he received for his role in the 2001 film Training Day.
Since the first round of the NHL playoffs consist of 8 series , there will always be 22 teams in this list - the 14 teams that don't make the post-season in the last season plus the 8 teams that lost the first round playoffs.
That season marked the first time two brothers opposed each other in an NHL game , as Thompson 's brother Paul played for the New York Rangers . The Stanley Cup finals were also the first playoff series where two brothers faced off against each other.
Some people wish to not see some images on Wikipedia , for various reasons - images may not be suitable for a work environment ; they may wish to prevent their children from seeing such images ; their religion may forbid it ; and so on.
The idea of a supercard featuring the two top promotions of the Monday Night Wars was considered to be a `` dream match '' scenario in the eyes of many fans , as it would allow the fans to see which promotion would be kayfabe superior.
In early 1988 , Balukas gave in to complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago based tournament that it wasn't fair she should have the opportunity to play in both divisions when the men only had the opportunity to play in one , and withdrew from the men 's side.
From the latter half of the 1980s and into 1990s came Monkey Shines , about a killer helper monkey , Two Evil Eyes , an Edgar Allan Poe adaptation in collaboration with Dario Argento , the Stephen King adaptation The Dark Half and Bruiser , about a man whose face becomes a blank mask.
Dr. Diane Levin , professor of education at Wheelock College in Boston and co-author of the book So Sexy So Soon : The New Sexualized Childhood and What Parents Can Do to Protect Their Kids , believes child waxing to be bad because it tells girls to `` keep your bodies like little girls ' because that 's what men like . ''
See also List of places in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Torrential rain in January 2007 took about six weeks to reach the lake but put only a small amount of water into it.
Tokelau lies in the Pacific typhoon belt.
There is a long tradition of watchmaking.
For Malus sylvestris domestica , see Apple.
The film was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action.
A handwriting analysis conclusively matched the two.
The site receives over one million new job listings each month , making it one of the top job boards in the world.
It literally means `` precious one ''.
Mysterious pinwheels and telephones rise out of the meadow to show the days ' activities.
Nests are built each year in most species but some birds refurbish their old nests.
Anna 's Hummingbird is 9 t long.
Stoker was the third of seven children.
In this version , Oliver is a cat and Fagin 's gang is made up of dogs , one of which is Dodger.
One theory has it that the expression derives from Celtic 's first game in 1888 , which was played against Rangers . A newspaper report stated that both sets of players `` got on so well that you would believe that they were old firm friends . ''
You can see this template in action.
The 1988 Formula One season was the 39th season of FIA Formula One motor racing.
It is defined as the area of a square whose sides measure exactly one metre.
Early symptoms include headache , a thick-feeling tongue , thirst , sweating , and vomiting.
Moths have larger scales on their wings which makes them look more dense and fluffy.
A person who was born on February 29 may be called a `` leapling ''.
Use to define the team name and colors , to add the name and number of every player and to add the last player in the squad and close the template.
Daxter was very well received by critics.
The next time you make a personal attack , you will be blocked for disruption.
It is better to put information on your user page rather than in your signature.
Registers a new service on the network.
This is a nucleus with one proton and one neutron , i.e. a deuterium nucleus.
Hurricane Ivan became extratropical the next day.
You have to supply the full URL.
In 1993 the three districts were merged.
It converts single values , ranges , as well as two - and three-dimensional measurements.
And it looks really great to me.
This can not be literally true , but it is close enough to be memorable.
In 1505 Michelangelo was invited back to Rome by the newly elected Pope Julius II.
Their first live action film was The Bunker of the Last Gunshots , a short film about soldiers in a bleak futuristic world.
The new Greater London Authority would be headed by a directly elected mayor , who would be watched over by a 25-member Assembly.
Allan `` Whitey '' Snyder who saw her during the last week of her life , said Monroe was pleased by the opportunities available to her , and that she `` never looked better was in great spirits . ''
For its first two seasons the show was part of a revived TGIF comedy block.
Benson was born in Birmingham , Alabama.
Aqua is the Latin word for water.
That 's what and its helper templates are packaging in an easy to use way.
Basic forms of Klondike solitaire and FreeCell come with every current installation of Microsoft Windows.
The company became one of the leaders of the independent film revolution of the 1990s.
The Tripura-rahasya is divided into three parts.
Later this name was shortened to Frankfort.
MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by the American grunge band Nirvana.
Most of them also use Eastern European Summer Time as a summer daylight saving time.
Their mother Laura acted as Francesco 's regent until 1674 when he assumed full control.
The first is the Koweta Mission Site.
An old man named Osmo , whom Daxter meets , hires Daxter as an exterminator.
Simon calls into the group and explains that he has planted a bomb in one of New York 's public schools , and that any radio communication may set it off.
It is established that Iolaus is getting married and that Hercules is the best man.
Today they are also powered by electricity.
James Mease published another recipe in 1812.
Seven men lost their lives in the wreckage of several Cuban schooners at Punta Gorda.
Therefore we can be sure that our senses give us correct information , for otherwise we would not be here to be deceived.
The historical record from that time shows an early bringing to light of the devotion.
Heating table beds is an old practice.
Jalal Dabagh was born on May 12 , 1939 , in Silêmanî city in Southern-Kurdistan.
He 's played for the New York Rangers , Florida Panthers , Philadelphia Flyers , New York Islanders , and New Jersey Devils.
Before Tribal Council , Bruce drew the name `` Gitanos '' for their new tribe name , meaning `` Gypsies '' in Spanish.
Its underwings are yellowish with black speckles.
It was chosen by School Library Journal as one of their best books of 1994.
Its full title is „ Laijen Spiegel.
Ralph was the oldest of nine children.
Players mainly learn popular well transcribed versions , often using a recording as a reference.
The head of Ornitholestes was relatively small.
The Last Olympian received overwhelmingly positive reviews.
Ultimately , Faust goes to heaven , for he loses only half of the bet.
He was born and raised in Daegu.
His first starring role was at age 10 , in the television series Two Marriages.
Trygve Halvdan Lie was a Norwegian politician.
Hurricane David was the first male cyclone name in the Atlantic Basin to be retired.
BBC Online is the brand name and home for the BBC 's UK online service.
The prosecution indicated it would not appeal.
The name sometimes appears as Vitidaceae , but Vitaceae is a conserved name and therefore has priority over both Vitidaceae and another name sometimes found in the older literature , Ampelidaceae.
There is a debate on the origins of Kirby 's name . One widespread view is that Kirby adopted his Western name from the Kirby Corporation , a vacuum cleaner manufacturer , which would best describe Kirby 's abilities.
The Siamang is distinctive for two reasons.
The town holds a festival in May.
One of the oldest cultures yet found is the Clovis culture of modern New Mexico.
The pressure at Havana falls to 29.35 ''
In this case there are 999,999 doors with goats behind them and one door with a prize . The player picks a door.
He would also play for the Chicago Black Hawks and retire after the 1939 season.
He was born near Qamishlo in Syria.
Where gives the nth d-dimensional simplex number.
The three campuses of Rutgers are in New Brunswick and Piscataway , Newark and Camden.
Louder Than Live is a home video by the American alternative rock band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles , California on December 7 , 1989 and December 10 , 1989.
Francis I had become a close friend.
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences.
Males have fewer white spots than females.
For the South Kent village see Hartley.
Additionally , you may appeal the at.
An empty square is written either using underscores , spaces , or nothing at all.
After the end of Xena , O'Connor began a film production company , ROC Pictures.
He is believed to have lived in Thinis one or two centuries before the rule of the better known King Scorpion of Nekhen.
It may be useful on other high-volume talk pages , or on process pages that work like talk pages , where users new to a discussion ask the same questions repeatedly.
In American football , a member of the team receiving a punt or kick , may signal for a `` fair catch ''.
The daughter crystals had many additional imperfections.
Digital audio files can be transported from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player.
Some also wear a cape or jacket , which may or may not be orange.
For men 's cricket , the ball must weigh between 5.5 and 5.75 ounces and measure between 8 13/16 and 9 in in circumference.
One of the first electrical suburban railway lines in the world began operation in 1924.
Even in countries with a majority of White people , such as USA , England , and France , Black people tend to have shorter life expectancies than their White counterparts.
It was the last full decade of both the 20th century and the 2nd millennium.
The first recorded use of rose as a color name in English was in 1382.
Chatmon was born in Bolton , Mississippi.
Plants take up atmospheric carbon dioxide by photosynthesis , and are ingested by animals , so every living thing is constantly exchanging carbon-14 with its environment as long as it lives.
Many islands are located at the coast.
She performs two of the songs on.
Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute.
Villa Gordiani is a park in Rome.
In the spring of 2007 Górnik got a new sponsor - German insurance company Allianz.
Paulo Isidoro , full name Paulo Isidoro de Jesus , was a Brazilian football player.
Lake Michigan is one of the five Great Lakes of North America , and the only one located entirely within the United States.
An adjudicator makes an initial decision to keep a case from going to court . Although the adjudicator 's decision doesn't have the same legal weight , an adjudicator has still rendered a decision just like a judge.
See also the complete description of fields.
They also made extensive use of new materials and manufacturing methods developed at the time.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process by half.
Impact now airs every Saturday at 10:00 p.m.
McAleese is Ireland 's second female president and the world 's first woman to succeed another woman as an elected head of state.
The last recorded oiran was in 1761.
Bad Zurzach was previously known as Zurzach ; the population voting for the official name change in a referendum of 21 May 2006.
In January 2009 , a new record low temperature for the state was set at 50 F , tying the New England record.
Connecticut is also home to New England 's largest Protestant Church : The First Cathedral in Bloomfield , Connecticut located in Hartford County.
Words probably of Mede origin appear in various other Iranian dialects , including Old Persian.
Malta , Panama , and Rhodesia competed at the Olympic Games for the first time.
He continued to work in an apparent trance state with a hypnotist all his life.
It was initially created to ensure clean drinking water supply for the city of Srinagar.
Guaita was born in 1962 in Italy.
Terrain affects surface water flow and distribution.
The work is composed of 114 sayings.
Tumors of the salivary glands may occur.
As the home of the sauna , Finnish sauna culture is well established , there are built-in-sauna in almost every house in Finland.
Ned Flanders , who was designed by Rich Moore , first appeared in the season one episode `` Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' . The episode was the series premiere , but not the first episode produced.
The acoustics are considered one of the best five acoustics in opera in the world.
Manslaughter is usually broken down into two distinct categories : voluntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter.
It was intended to have been the last installment in the franchise at the time.
See also List of places in Saarland.
But normal users still can't edit those notices , except the ones in userspace.
Grace was captivated by Jean Harlow , and would let Norma Jeane wear makeup and take her out to get her hair curled.
Lake Tanganyika is an African Great Lake.
Photosynthesis is vital for life on Earth.
It elects one Member of Parliament by the first past the post system of election.
Deianeira goes after Hercules to warns him and finds the three at the river bank.
The Beaufort Sea lies to its west.
Most water turbines in use are reaction turbines and are used in low head applications.
The first recorded use of mallow as a color name in English was in 1611.
Hugo published his first novel the following year , and his second three years later.
The two movements share some principles like preparedness and promotion of sports and outdoor skills.
When ratified , this was to give Scotland its first Parliament for nearly 300 years.
The WWF informed cable companies that if they chose to carry Starrcade , they would not be allowed to carry future WWF events.
This helped them to absorb and learn the language and customs of their new homeland.
The first template parameter is the Volcano Number and the second is an optional name.
The band have never actually disclosed exactly where the name ` Biffy Clyro ' originated.
The water boils rapidly and ejects the burning material as a fine spray of droplets.
`` What Jeff was able to do as an outsider who wasn't so attached to the story was to really let his imagination go free and make up this world in a wonderful way '' , David said.
The inspiration for Scooby-Doo 's creation as a Great Dane came from an employee of the Hanna-Barbera company , who bred this dog.
Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy.
By early 1862 , his marriage was in trouble , and Biddy left to live with a man named James Taylor from Humbug Creek , which flows south from Lake Cowal.
Soon he was making his own movies.
Active Members begin at the First Degree.
Shortly thereafter , the storm encountered much cooler water temperatures after leaving the Gulf Stream.
Chinese culture dates back thousands of years.
People in the Bishigram Valley speak Torwali and in the Tirat Valley they speak Pashto.
Hartley has come a long way since the `` clearing in the wood where the deer are '' of a thousand years ago , to the small dormitory town of today.
Born in Leicester , he started to learn the piano around the age of six.
He died on New Year 's Eve.
In 1936 , Ruth Harkness became the first Westerner to bring back a live Giant Panda , a cub named Su-Lin who went to live at the Brookfield Zoo in Chicago.
Yellow and black antimony are unstable non-metals.
Allingham had four medals , two of which were medals from the First World War.
This raises a note by three semitones.
He was born in Oporto , Portugal.
The next day , the two tribes merged into Balboa , a name given to a sea snake that Rupert had found and tried to nurse back to health but failed.
His second marriage only lasted two years.
The settlement was founded by reason of two old merchant roads crossing nearby , as well as a ford crossing the river Ems.
One of Woodstock 's most notable building 's is Old St. Paul 's Anglican Church.
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second studio by rock quintet My Chemical Romance.
A year later , the Second Polygar War was fought by Dheeran Chinnamalai , by winning three wars against British after the fall of tipusultan kingdom at last he and his two brothers was illeagelly hanged and Dheeran Chinnamalai was the last Tamil king died in the war against Britishers and was put down by the Company after a long and expensive campaign.
Luis was also one of three retired hurricane name starting with L , the others were Lenny in 1999 and Lili in 2002.
Many fully grown mature trees may be very short due to environmental factors or disease.
Most counties have only one county seat.
The fruit typically has numerous strings , which run between the skin and inner part.
Today the town has many groups coming to enjoy the simple peace of St. Francis.
This was followed by her second album , Feels like Home , released in 2004.
The term `` survival horror '' was first used for the original Japanese release of Resident Evil in 1996 , which was influenced by earlier games with a horror theme such as Sweet Home and Alone in the Dark.
The name caecilian derives from the Latin word caecus , meaning `` blind '' , referring to the small or sometimes non-existing eyes.
The noxious animals may display by slow flying , and in general are prominently visible.
A guide to asbestos in the home.
The Church of England soon followed suit.
The station is one of 18 in Great Britain to be managed by Network Rail.
He is the first known individual of Armenian ancestry to have come to North America.
Many Malaysian children attend Tamil schools , and a significant portion of Tamil children in Mauritius and Reunion are brought up with Tamil as their first language . In Singapore , Tamil students learn Tamil as their second language in school , with English as the first.
The same is true , to a point , of the chemical reactions of life.
The stamps on the sheet may be perforated in the usual way , or imperforate.
Skyscrapers in New York , United States.
On 16 May 2007 , Alex Salmond became First Minister , heading the SNP administration.
Later she received another degree in cinematography from the New York School of Visual Arts.
He scored 7/9 at the open tournament.
She recorded `` My Man '' and Gershwin 's `` I Loves You Porgy ''.
Vostok 1 was the first human spaceflight.
He was born in Hampstead , London.
The two tribes were Ulong and Koror.
There are many advantages in using a suppressor that are not related to the sound.
Goolwa was Australia 's first inland port.
Flashing back to 1974 , we see how Homer falls in love with Marge in high school and tries to get close to her by enlisting her as his French tutor.
One notch below a `` hooker ''.
The cause of death was heart attack.
In his entire life , he never traveled more than a hundred miles from Königsberg.
There are two school systems in Algona.
Proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle , often for decades.
This page was last modified $ 1.
The Mac Mini is the first Macintosh desktop not to include a keyboard or mouse.
See Duke of Cornwall for more details.
Head of the Laboratory of New Technologies in Music Education , Moscow State Pedagogical University.
This is usually worn if both the home and away kits clash with their opponents.
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park does not include the entire Great Barrier Reef Province.
Now living at their new campsite , Koror 's new home proved terrible when they learned that their camp is infested with rats.
Green was replaced with two new members , drummer Benjamin Weikel and guitarist Dann Gallucci.
Blakey was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania.
This was soon re-named the Co-operative Party.
Since the inaugural event , three championship matches have taken place in the main event.
It may be spoken as a first language by as many as 1.5 million people in France , Italy , Spain and Monaco.
Alcoholic proof is a measure of how much alcohol is contained in an alcoholic beverage.
It includes true hamsters , voles , lemmings , and New World rats and mice.
It is the state bird of Alaska.
Each outfit comes with a different bonus.
See also military alliance and business alliance.
Dandelion flowers are often made into wine.
This led to the development of the now widely used terms Free open source software and Commercial Open Source Software to distinguish between truly open and hybrid forms of open source.
The Ediacaran Period represents the time from the end of global Marinoan glaciation to the first appearance worldwide of somewhat complicated trace fossils.
The eastern boundary of Rensselaer County runs along the New York-Vermont and New York-Massachusetts borders.
It was used to convey passengers , as well as sheep and cattle from Tasmania.
See also List of places in Thuringia.
This is a template for extracting the full name of the topic from a keyword.
By the time of the Ming Dynasty , the name was again changed to Xi'an , meaning `` Western Peace '' , which has remained its name to the present day.
Today , Mali is one of the most politically and socially stable countries in Africa.
The upper side of the wings are black with the hind wing having two rows of submarginal spots : the first row , white ; and the second row , pink.
Between 45 and 52 days is normal.
Raí , full name Raí Souza Vieira de Oliveira is a former Brazilian football midfielder.
Additionally , a station in Fredericton , New Brunswick reported 1.77 inches in two hours.
The name is a portmanteau of the words `` Nestlé '' and `` café ''.
These patients first notice difficulty speaking clearly.
Wild yaks can be brown or black.
An electric car company , Tesla Motors , named their company in tribute to Tesla.
The entire United States did not finally come under the influence of time zones until 1905 , when Detroit finally established standard time.
The first malacostracans appeared in the Cambrian.
Caravans must travel via oases so that supplies of water and food can be replenished.
His last known work is the decoration of Podestà Chapel in the Bargello , Florence.
The Korean alphabet hangul was also invented during this time by King Sejong the Great.
The Marco Polo sheep is a subspecies of argali sheep , named after Marco Polo.
It provides users three types of rollback functions and includes a full library of speedy deletion functions , user warnings , pseudo-automatic reporting of vandals , and much , much more.
The age of cellular pathology was born.
Ladybird , ladybird , fly away home Your house is on fire and your children are gone All except one , and that 's Little Anne For she has crept under the warming pan . In parts of Northern Europe , tradition says that one 's wish is granted if a ladybird lands on oneself.
Several new train models followed the first , each generally with its own distinctive appearance.
Vikidia is currently run by 21 administrators.
The name is derived from railroad personae.
Born in Ajaccio , Corsica , she goes by the stage name Alizée - the feminine form of alizé , the trade wind.
The current crest is a modified version of the one first adopted in the 1920s.
The first recorded use of Teal as a color name in English was in 1917.
In San Juan , Puerto Rico , the storm caused very little wind or rain.
The Dannebrog was better liked than any.
The two entities may be of opposite sexes or not , or they may be hermaphroditic , as is the case with snails.
Venera is the Russian name for Venus.
In describing the alignment of the wood in the tree a distinction may be made.
The mezzanine floor has long since disappeared.
Corfu is home to the Ionian University.
This bird also mimics other species sounds.
Meanwhile , Evanescence signed on with their first major label , Wind-up Records , and began work on their first album , Fallen.
These units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated TOPS Class 403.
Little cigars differ greatly from regular cigars.
Back during the 19th century , Net.
Its name comes from Norse mythology , where Thrymr is a Jotun or frost giant.
The origin of the name is uncertain.
Sofia Lovisa Gråå had ben the first woman who was principal of this school alone.
In 2000 , an open source application and open standards-based protocol called Jabber was launched.
The center of this cult was in uten-ha/Sa-ka / Cynopolis , a place whose Greek name simply means `` city of dogs ''.
Many different variations of popularity exist , and many ways in which to gain it.
She first shaved her head to the scalp , then dressed her in a man 's cloak and sandals , and laid her down alone on a mattress in the dark.
It may have been a tropical cyclone.
The idea of the workhouse for the able bodied poor was first suggested in 1576.
The fight lasted for almost two centuries.
In turn , this release adds in remixes of `` Disturbia '' and `` Take A Bow '' from the Reloaded edition but excludes the remix of `` If I Never See Your Face Again '' featuring Maroon 5.
Her first recording for Decca was `` Lover Man '' and `` No More ''.
At the time of his death , his estate was worth an estimated $ 356,320.
There they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run.
Each of the explorers brought three assigned servants with him and between them they had five bullocks , three horses and two carts.
Crispen also invented the first inclined stairlift.
In the United States and Canada , this time zone is generically called Mountain Time.
It is home to Addis Ababa University.
Brian May , the only child of Harold and Ruth May , was born in Hampton , London and attended Hampton Grammar School.
Less often one will encounter half , or three-quarter , or otherwise modified , sharps.
The Assembly session began in early December.
Netanyahu is the first Israeli prime minister born after the State of Israel 's foundation.
As soon as one crosses a river , a different but closely related species appears.
Flights as long as 1800 kilometers have been recorded by birds in competition pigeon racing.
The seasons run from spring to fall.
Together with basil , it contributes much to the distinctive character of many Italian dishes.
The early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle.
It was indeed worth the effort . ''
They store water in their succulent leaves.
He was well-known for providing an education to the children under his care , to the point where he was accused of raising the poor above their natural station in life.
Females have a rufous breast and belly.
This template extracts the current integer minute on two digits from the current UTC time.
Another reason is that if a person 's surname is well known due to their particular family 's history , he or she may choose to keep his or her birth surname . Yet another is the identity crisis people may experience when giving up their surname.
The Document may contain zero Invariant Sections.
A Military Depot was established not long after at Soldiers Flat near present day Billimari.
Some soldiers during the First World War stated that it smelled faintly of May Blossom.
Ukko also gave good luck for hunting.
Administrators patrol this category from time to time and will respond to requests as appropriate.
Players can hire a merchant using dark matter to trade one resource type for another.
It sold a record 2.4 million in its first week of release . An estimated 1.1 million of those sales were attributed to the first day of release , another record.
In the 19th Century , the boundary was set at the first abundant metazoan fossils.
In early 1872 came the first issue of the newspaper La Campana and Cafiero wrote for , and gave money towards the publication.
NBA TV offers basketball news every day , as well as programming showcasing basketball players ' individual lifestyles , life as a basketball team during an NBA season , famous games of the past , and live games typically four days a week during the NBA season.
Explorer Charles Sturt was one of the first Europeans to visit the area in 1844.
They noisily move away from the shore when disturbed , giving them their common name.
Tiny jellyfish swim away from the polyp and then grow and feed in the plankton.
Like a test tube , a cuvette may be open to the atmosphere on top or have a cap to seal it shut.
When hung between two supports and equipped with a belt , rope or cable , one or more sheaves make up a pulley.
From a viewpoint about one kilometre before the top of the pass , one can see the Swat Canal in the valley below.
At last this , the best period of his life , was brought to an end indirectly , by the overthrow of the liberal monarchy of Dom Pedro II in 1889.
The people live here without any discrimination of caste , color , language and religion.
During the climax Knowles is seen underwater moving upwards slowly in white clothing and when the chorus begins , Knowles opens her eyes.
A lot of young people see the double standards , they see what happens in Guantanamo Bay , and they just think that there isn't a just foreign policy . ''
The sisters enter and are alarmed by the presence of strange men in their home.
When discussing mergers it is also wise to think of the long-term , such as the possibility of an article getting too long.
And let 's use some dots too.
The Canadiens finished first in the NHA for the first time in 1913 - 14 , in a tie with the Toronto Blueshirts.
In mathematics , finite set is a set that has a finite number of elements.
Women do not eat sheep , fowls or eggs , and are not allowed to drink milk except when mixed with other things.
In tables where the letters ISBN would be redundant the template may be used instead.
Warner also set a Super Bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception.
New Delhi is the capital of India.
Kirby : Canvas Curse spans eight worlds , with all but one having three levels.
Soon after , three nomadic vampires - James , Victoria , and Laurent - arrive.
Teasing is a word with many meanings.
Growth accelerates in the first half of puberty and stops at the completion of puberty.
Alabaster is a name applied to varieties of two distinct minerals : gypsum and calcite.
In 1423 went to live in Lille.
The game features eight levels , and can be played by one or two players.
Banana bread is usually a quick bread : a sweet , cake-like bread which typically uses baking soda as the leavening agent instead of yeast ; however , there are some banana bread recipes that are traditional-style yeast breads.
In his later years , Hitler spoke of Poetsch as a `` great man . ''
Where convenient , the notation 24:00 may also be used to refer to midnight at the end of a given date - that is , 24:00 of some day is the same time as 00:00 of the following day.
She was baptised on 14 May 1940.
It was done in response to Ottawa 's Clint Benedict constantly falling to make saves.
It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers.
He became the first Prime Minister of Pakistan to complete a full term in office.
Metric continued to work on their debut album in the first few months of 2001.
Drum and bugle corps is a name used to describe two forms of marching units.
The combination of new weapons and tactics have caused many historians to consider this battle the beginning of the end of classic chivalry.
Papatoetoe is a suburb of Manukau City , one of the four cities that make up the Auckland conurbation in northern New Zealand.
C. Rajagopalachari was the first Chief Minister.
The veins are lightly marked with black.
A simpleton is one who is simple.
The season introduced several new gameplay twists.
Aguilera later said she was `` completely unaware of '' and `` didn't know if it a man or a woman . ''
Tom is bored with his dissolute life.
The true seals or earless seals are one of the three main groups of mammals within the seal suborder , Pinnipedia . All true seals are members of the family Phocidae.
Bush is the eldest son of President George H. W. Bush , who served as the 41st President , and Barbara Bush , making him one of only two American presidents to be the son of a preceding president.
The family contains just four species in two genera , one of which is monotypic.
The production was well received by critics.
The three most significant choreographers of the company were Fokine , Nijinsky , and Massine.
Luoyang was defended by three Chinese divisions.
But I have too much anxiety ''.
Kayes Region is one of eight first level national subdivisions , called Regions in Mali.
Two famous musicians of the 19th century were friends of Hugo : Berlioz and Liszt.
The custom of gold-silver-bronze for the first three places dates from the 1904 games and has been copied for many other sporting events.
Key was born in Auckland , New Zealand , to George Key and Ruth Key.
Sweden was , between 1611 and 1718 , one of the great powers of Europe.
By 1996 only a rough quarter of US households consisted of married couples with children.
US American and US-American is another option , and is a common demonym in German.
Meher Baba said that Babajan was one of the five Perfect Masters of her time.
Others believe the name was originally Viashaw , meaning way or road through the wood.
See talk page for examples and standards.
Little is known of Joseph Johns 's early life . Born in Cornwall , England around 1826 and raised as a Roman Catholic , he was the third of six children of blacksmith Thomas Johns and his wife Mary.
Nundle is a village in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia.
If the three samples are mostly zero , the transmitted bit was probably a zero , and if three samples are mostly one , the transmitted bit was probably a one.
The overture is best known for its climactic volley of cannon fire and ringing chimes.
Plymouth is one of two county seats of Plymouth County , the other being Brockton.
Modibo Keïta was elected the first president.
Therefore , goes the theory , there must be something about glass that repels lightning.
The album , which represented half a decade 's worth of the band 's work , was edited by music producer Don Gilmore.
The band adopted the name Green Day , allegedly due to their fondness of marijuana.
The great albatrosses take over a year to raise a chick from laying to fledging.
He brought Jehoahaz back to Egypt as his prisoner , where Jehoahaz ended his days.
Back at camp , Stephenie tried to pull the Koror girls into a female alliance while Caryn spilled the plot to the men.
Augustus H. Tulk , the first librarian , was appointed three months after the opening.
From May to December 1840 Staunton edited a chess column for the New Court Gazette.
His madrigals include Weep , weep o mine eyes and Draw on , sweet night.
She had her first exhibitions in 1991.
The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki 's mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children , with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers.
The town received its Hungarian name at this time from a castle steward named Suprun.
Give 'Em Enough Rope is the second album by The Clash , released in 1978.
The baleen whales , also called whalebone whales or great whales , form the Mysticeti , one of two suborders of the Cetacea.
In later years , Hitler viewed smoking as `` decadent '' and `` the wrath of the Red Man against the White Man , vengeance for having been given hard liquor , '' lamenting that `` so many excellent men have been lost to tobacco poisoning . ''
On his homepage , Gerber describes Trotter as an unpleasant character who `` drinks too much , eats like a pig , sleeps until noon , and owes everybody money . ''
Critics noted that the characters acted differently from the way they would in later seasons.
This is particularly true of minor keys.
At first its name was Shahdad Kot District but after much protests by Qambar City it was renamed to Qambar Shahdad Kot District.
As of 2007 , a maximum of two builders can be inducted in one year.
A good that is made available at zero price is not necessarily a free good.
The action begins ; the people speak , feel , and act ; everything that is said , felt , or done tends towards the entanglement or disentanglement of the plot ; and we are almost made actors as well as spectators of the little drama . ''
None of the Olympic venues were damaged.
Companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause.
The shortfin mako shark , the fastest shark and one of the fastest fish , can burst up to . The great white shark is also capable of bursts of speed.
James also owns a dog named Butch.
Ceann means the head , or the end , and Torr means a round hill.
All field names must be in lowercase.
The members of this sect , like the Mandaeans , wore white and performed baptisms.
Fine ash can deposit over large areas.
Their first son Gabriel was born on July 12 , 2003 and their second son Dillon was born on August 14 , 2007.
He had one younger sister , Kashmira.
In neighboring Newfoundland , the new dominion suffered a devastating loss on July 1 , 1916 , the First day on the Somme.
He played the viola da gamba at this time , as well as the cello.
Before the days of cultured pearls , black pearls were rare and highly valued for the simple reason that white pearl oysters rarely produced naturally black pearls , and black pearl oysters rarely produced any natural pearls at all.
Wolf is buried in the Zentralfriedhof in Vienna , along with many other notable composers.
Ingmar was locked up in dark closets for `` infractions '' like wetting the bed.
It was never a threat to land.
Long also revealed that JBL was the number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship.
Pena was born in Hyannis , Massachusetts.
Unpredictable results may happen using other wikitable features such as rowspanning , creating a new row within an argument , or the like.
The main variants named using this convention are : Bird Flu , Human Flu , Swine Flu , Horse Flu and Dog Flu.
Because Amalthea is in synchronous rotation , Jupiter would not appear to move , and would be invisible from one side of Amalthea.
The population of Great Inagua is 969.
The islands are sometimes called Tomorrow Island and Yesterday Isle because the time in Big Diomede is 21 hours ahead of Little Diomede.
Morrison and fellow UCLA student Ray Manzarek were the first two members of The Doors.
It was named in March 2005 after Mneme , one of the three original Muses.
The hour is a unit of time.
The Delta begins slightly down-river from Cairo.
With little warning , a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 May 18 triggered a massive collapse of the north face of the mountain.
Its French name is cafetière à piston.
Anquetil won all three of the Grand Tours - the first cyclist to do so.
Squid , like cuttlefish , have eight arms arranged in pairs and two longer tentacles.
The text '' '' will generate a tag which looks something like the one below.
The British launched two unsuccessful counterattacks but fought off Italian attacks on two further hills.
Sylvia is orbited by two small moons.
Venus is the second-closest planet to the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days.
Utah is a great geographical tourism site.
A warranty may be express or implied.
They surprised Lieutenant Jenkins and his men and captured Fort Ouiatenon without firing a shot.
He has made many recordings , especially of violin music which is not well known.
Rolling Stone called Love `` the most controversial woman in the history of rock ''.
Hugo took on the role of a maverick and got little done in the Senate.
Two years later the go-ahead was given for a new housing development to take part on the site , consisting of 474 homes.
The religious life takes place in mosques belonging to organizations that represent one of the currents of Turkish , Bosnian and Arab Muslims.
Copper explains that he is a hunting dog now and things are different between them.
It is also known as White Twinevine.
They may also damage trees in forests.
All ages are of The Last Olympian.
As a rule of thumb , use one third as much dried as fresh thyme - a little less if it is ground.
It first began selling books online in the late 1980s , but the company 's web site was not launched until May 1997.
The first modern shorthand systems were geometric.
Home to millions of species , including humans , Earth is the only place in the Universe where life is known to exist.
This is known as open loop control.
McCoy goes by the stage name of `` Martin Luther '' in his music career.
He founded the Sistine Chapel where the team of artists he brought together and introduced the Early Renaissance to Rome with the first masterpiece of the city 's new artistic age.
In the town live approximately 18,000 inhabitants.
It was also used to make suitcases.
James McHenry was an early American statesman.
Use full image syntax , for example.
They also have won two Greek Cups and played in an additional two Cup finals.
Hieronymus Bosch was an Early Netherlandish painter.
Streicher was born in Fleinhausen , Kingdom of Bavaria , one of nine children of the teacher Friedrich Streicher and his wife Anna.
I have nothing to apologise for . ''
He led Georgia Tech to two Southeastern Conference championships and one national championship in 1952.
Jack Donahue was a bushranger in Australia.
Charles de Valois was married three times.
Větrný Jeníkov was first documented in 1226.
Doing so confirms IQ gains over time.
See also List of bodies of water in Bali and List of mountains in Bali.
They are probably better known today as the tough material given to parakeets and other caged birds as a source of dietary calcium.
When taking off , albatrosses need to take a run up to allow enough air to move under the wing to provide lift.
No one will grant us deliverance , Not god , nor Tsar , nor hero.
The name comes from zygosporangia , where resistant spherical spores are formed during sexual reproduction.
During his life , Tolstoy came to the conclusion that William Shakespeare was a bad dramatist and not a true artist at all.
Cheerios is a brand of breakfast cereal.
Having started the Premier League season with an away match , beating Charlton 3-0 , Manchester City 's first home league match in their new stadium was not until 23 August.
Being the only boy in his class to have never kissed a girl , Butters purchases his first kiss from Sally , a girl who gives away kisses for $ 5.
The old man with whom he lives has a clouded , pale , blue `` vulture-like '' eye which so distresses the narrator that he plots to murder the old man.
The first recorded use of Maroon as a color name in English was in 1789.
He is the oldest of nine children.
Approximately 1,100 of his poems remain today.
The total area is 35.35 % water.
He was born and raised in Incheon.
This subtemplate is supposed to be empty.
Hummingbirds are birds comprising the family Trochilidae.
Built of brick and wood , it had two stories with a three story tower.
Arizona does not observe daylight saving time.
Direct current may be made into alternating current with an inverter or a motor-generator set.
This allows three eastbound destinations : New York , Boston , or both if the train hasn't reached the junction point yet.
Despite the name , it is not related to black pepper or to chili peppers.
There are many types of color blindness.
It is home to the Opéra Bastille.
Who knows , maybe if Ian MacKaye was wearing eyeliner then I would be . ''
Founded by Ion Raţiu , it published its first issue on May 10 , 1991.
Robinson did not long outlive his son.
Kangaroo mice construct burrows in fine sand.
The river is about 50 kilometres long.
`` The Knight in the Panther 's Skin '' has been translated into many languages.
In 1395 the Eski cami was built as one of the first in the Balkans.
It took 20 days for new trees and vegetation to grow following the storms passing.
There are four flamingo species in the Americas and two species in the Old World.
GacktJob is Gackt 's live support band.
The first storm of 1979 was named Alice and the final one was named Ben.
Incubation lasts around 70 to 80 days , the longest incubation period of any bird.
Video games in the Mega Man series.
Fallaci was born in Florence , Italy.
It is also a good place for surf and kiteboarding practice , especially in winter.
As it zigzagged from water to land , it became the first storm in recorded history to make landfall in Florida four times.
Many U.S. states also have such departments.
BDD may co-exist with generalized anxiety disorder.
By the end of the 19th century , teams began the practice of wearing one of two different uniforms , one when they played in their own baseball stadium and a different one when they played on the road.
If you believe you may be notable enough , make your case on the appropriate talk pages , and seek consensus first , both with the notability and any proposed autobiography.
Children 's games include Viti-Dandu and Pakada-pakadi.
In February 2007 , he was appointed by the Assembly to another four-year term which , will run until the end of 2011.
After a capture with a pawn , a player may end up with two pawns on the same file , called doubled pawns.
Its name evokes at the same time the new city and the memory of Ascq , martyr city of 1 April 1944 , date on which the Nazis massacred 86 men.
Polar bears rarely live beyond 25 years.
There are two clinical forms of smallpox.
This made him the first little person wrestler to win a championship in WWE history.
See List of compositions by Germaine Tailleferre.
The first white explorer , George Wilson Evans , entered the Lachlan Valley in 1815.
Besides Api-Api , another suggested historical name was Deasoka , which roughly means `` below the coconut tree '' in the Bajau language.
Like Searcy County , the city takes its name from Richard Searcy , a judge for the Superior Court of the Arkansas Territory.
The new stadium took its name from the street , which encloses the ground on three sides , the fourth being the river.
Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of dishes , both sweet and savory.
He served during the first term of President George W. Bush from 2001 until 2005.
Silt may occur as a soil or as suspended sediment in a surface water body.
In this sense `` mother figure '' may be considered an archetype and may be identified in various characters with otherwise distinct personalities.
He was born and raised in Seoul.
Antonín Klimek was Czech historian whose work focused mainly on history of Czechoslovakian First Republic.
Gellar left All My Children in 1995.
Helsinki has Finland 's largest fair center.
He was born in Boyacá , Colombia.
For BC , make the number negative.
Potoroos live under dense bushes and shrubs.
Eisenstein 's foray into the west made the staunchly Stalinist film industry look upon him with a suspicion that would never completely disappear.
McKay , like most of the men in her life , was abusive , but he did try to get her off drugs.
If none of the clients are on the network the server returns an empty list.
There are three types of special boxes.
During the late 1970s , the 1980s and early 1990s , New York City had a lot more crime than it does today.
Chelsea 26 vs. Hungary , 11 May 2006
In most heat engines , a bit more than half is lost as excess heat.
Hercules tells Zeus he loves him too.
She and her husband are both Jewish and married in 1984 and have two children.
By the day after the storm , about 3,000 remained without electricity on the island.
The building still stands today and is.
Shamlou decides to leave school for good.
Stems can refer to two things in music , relating to music notation and production.
Lauri Porra is a Finnish bassplayer best known for his work in Stratovarius and Sinergy.
The Tezcatlipoca figure goes back to earlier Mesoamerican deities worshipped by the Olmec and Maya.
One of the most popular early cookies , which traveled especially well and became known on every continent by similar names , was the jumble , a relatively hard cookie made largely from nuts , sweetener , and water.
This material would eventually form the Moon.
Today , the Comanche Nation consists of 14,105 members , about half of whom live in Oklahoma , and the remainder are concentrated in Texas , California , and New Mexico.
There are two forms of beta decay , β and β + , which respectively give rise to the electron and the positron.
Fish do not breathe through their noses , but they do have two small holes used for smelling which may be called nostrils.
There are also three communities of Muslims.
Many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms.
Oat extract can also be used to soothe skin conditions , as in skin lotions.
She thinks that Leporello is actually Giovanni.
The strength of players like Brad Park , Jean Ratelle , Vic Hadfield and Rod Gilbert would still carry them through the playoffs.
The first recorded use of coral as a color name in English was in 1513.
It has a stocky build , rounded ears , and a short , broad head.
Shower doors are doors used in bathrooms that help keep water inside a shower or bathtub and are great alternatives to shower curtains.
The moon will one day either break up into a planetary ring or hit Uranus.
Today he lives in Redmond , Washington.
Planck graduated early , at age 17.
This was the first time an asteroidal moon had been discovered by a ground-based telescope.
BSELP003 - Endangered Species LP BSELP3EP1 - Endangered Species LP Part One A. Black Sun Empire - Potemkin B. Black Sun Empire & Noisia - Winter War C. Black Sun Empire - Don't You D. Jade - Acid Flood
Children can feed and pet the animals.
Cytosine has a half-life of 19 days at 100 and 17,000 years in freezing water.
In some parts of the world , it is called railway time or continental time.
The `` 1933 Express '' comfortably won the first round of the First Division championship.
There you may find properly referenced reports of well-publicised debates next to vague assertions that `` Some people say X , while others think Y. '' Treat everything on its merits.
Costa Rica finished in the fourth place.
This allows for communication with friends of friends and for the building of chatrooms for instant messages with all friends on that network.
The second season introduces a new format that includes new signs and more original music.
The tail is darkly colored and straight.
Alyosha promises to remember Kolya , Ilyusha , and all the boys and keep them close in his heart , even though he will have to leave them and may not see them again until many years have passed.
If the type of ISBN must be specified , the and templates may be used.
Everything else is exactly the same as.
Agrippa was born in Cologne in 1486.
There may not be enough trained health workers or monetary resources to provide even a basic level of medical care and disease prevention.
Originally , circular knitting was done using a set of four or five double-pointed needles.
None of the latter were double steals.
The last members of the class were withdrawn in 1991 , and none were preserved.
Beavers also noted that characters with opposing viewpoints were often set up to be `` bad people '' in the viewer 's eyes.
See The viola in popular music below.
The great Florentine painter Cimabue discovered Giotto drawing pictures of his sheep on a rock.
Various inflationary pressures , perhaps due to influx of New World gold and rising population , set the stage for social upheaval with the gap between the rich and poor widening.
They were married on September 3 , 2000 , and live in New York City.
Born in Augusta , New York , William Miller graduated from Hamilton College in 1861.
In the last few days before the march , 4 i of rain had fallen , leaving the roads muddy and travel difficult.
Media studies students may see themselves as observers of media , not creators or practitioners.
The May Queen is a girl who is selected to ride or walk at the front of a parade for May Day celebrations.
The sisters never saw each other again.
Mauro Ramos , full name Mauro Ramos de Oliveira , was a Brazilian football player.
The water surface area is 1.68 km.
See WikiProject Geographical coordinates for further information.
Wine is produced in the Thur valley.
Most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms , with one design emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color.
The instructions are read by the bot once every 30 minutes , so changes you make here will take some time to be automatically reflected on pages serviced by the bots.
The name `` kangaroo mouse '' refers to the species ' extraordinary jumping ability , as well as its habit of bipedal locomotion.
The name Oklahoma comes from the Choctaw phrase okla homma , literally meaning red people.
It was at this time that the building was given its current name : Ungdomshuset.
Coe was born in Chiswick , London.
A young tree is called a sapling.
Sled dogs , known also as sleightman dogs , sledge dogs , or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel-less vehicle on runners over snow or ice , by means of harnesses and lines.
Kristen Stewart was born and raised in.
In one large group of sea slugs , the gills are arranged as a rosette of feathery plumes on their backs , which gives rise to their other name , nudibranchs.
Color is not one of them . ''
Digambara is one of the two main sects of Jainism , the other being Svetambar.
The marriage was annulled after two years.
Fame will go by , and , so long , I 've had you fame.
Armani Collezioni is another high-end Armani sub-label.
Kebabs are often eaten as take-away food on the way home after a night out.
If I hadn't heard her I 'd have probably done something entirely different . ''
Households headed by persons who identified as being Asian alone , on the other hand , were overrepresented among the top two quintiles.
It is celebrated as New Year 's Day by those still following the Julian calendar.
The baptismal record gives his name in Latinized form as Joannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart.
It is a tributary of the Connecticut River , which flows to Long Island Sound.
Hampden is one of only two Scottish football stadiums to receive a UEFA 5-star rating.
The wavelet transform is also easy to put into practice using the fast wavelet transform.
The first encore is a fast polka.
It is one of twelve secondary schools run by the Aberdeen City Council educational department.
Lie died on 30 December , 1968 of a heart attack in Geilo , Norway.
Similarly , some railway timetables show 00:00 as departure time and 24:00 as arrival time.
It is 307 miles long by 118 miles wide with a shoreline 1,640 miles long.
The new line-up released Badmotorfinger in 1991.
The only time Hindenburg ever objected to a Nazi bill occurred in early April 1933.
Anger can be of one of two main types : Passive anger and Aggressive anger.
Most date from the early Neolithic period.
The 1990 Formula One season was the 41st season of FIA Formula One motor racing.
The Full Moon Party is an all-night beach party that takes place in Haad Rin on the island of Ko Pha Ngan , Thailand on the night of every full moon.
His mother died when he was 9.
Absorbing UV and converting it into visible light in this way was considered one possible way of providing energy to a primitive cell.
`` Thant '' was his only name.
The Georges Head Battery is located on Georges Head , in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia.
She died in 1961 from heart failure.
Officially , the games lasted for four and a half months ; in fact , James Edward Sullivan tried to hold an event every day for the duration of the fair.
For the opposite of Denotation see Connotation.
The Bald Eagle can be long-lived in captivity if well cared for , but does not breed well even under the best conditions.
Curse stones generally involved particle stones with the power to curse . One example involved turning a stone three times and saying the name of the person you wanted to curse.
After this , WCW 's men came into the ring and high-fived the ECW men.
The Assembly Council normally includes the president , two vice presidents and two elected members.
James was born near Bentonia , Mississippi.
Early electromechanical instruments , such as the Ondes Martenot , appeared early in the century.
Good Quarters to be given when Craved.
The wood works reasonably well for steam-bending.
Flemish Brabant is a province of Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium.
When spoken , the meanings may be distinguished by different pronunciations or they may not.
His son drowned in the Yarra River.
DeLand is also home to Skydive DeLand.
The first recorded use of amber as a color name in English was in 1500.
If you don't , many other administrators do - ask on the or on.
After 2002 , Song continued to make guest appearances in American situation comedies such as That 's So Raven and One on One.
This is a regional school district that incorporates two or more towns into one school department with one high school and middle school.
The first edition was published in 2004.
Considered one of the best in the country , the Linha Turismo is available every thirty minutes and has a two and a half-hour tour , which travels around forty-four kilometers.
They are one of the two groups of gods , the other being the Vanir.
In this case , add to only one talk page , with a list all of the pages that needs updating and a clear description of what needs to be done.
The first recorded use of beige as a color name in English was in 1887.
Pet snakes can be fed relatively infrequently , usually once every 5 - 14 days.
This began a period of great productivity.
`` Say My Name '' is hit song by American R&B group Destiny 's Child.
The fantasy world , which is a reflection on their lives , comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings.
During the late 1950s , Blake became one of the best known British pop artists.
They also have two small post-occipital scutes.
Selenium also exists in many non-conductive forms : a black glass-like allotrope , as well as several red crystalline forms built of eight-membered ring molecules , like its lighter cousin sulfur.
Malibu picked up three inches of snow - the first measurable snow in five decades.
See also WikiProject Musicians/Navbox for more information.
Bridget Jane Fonda is a US actress.
In reality , Act Five often ends up cycling back through Acts One through Four.
Users of slide rules would simply approximate or drop small terms to simplify the calculation.
All parameters must be in lowercase only.
Children 's Literature wrote , `` This fast-paced story is full of adventure and humor.
It also means to have one 's guard down , open to censure or criticism.
The open assembly was abolished in 1997.
Bolas of three weights are usually designed with two shorter cords with heavier weights , and one longer cord with a light weight.
However , the Nazis were well organised.
I was stabbed in the back . ''
Targowica confederates , who did not expect another partition , and the king , Stanisław August Poniatowski , who joined them near the end , both lost much prestige and support.
Penner was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba.
In 1933 Hoffmann - La Roche became the first pharmaceutical company to mass-produce synthetic vitamin C , under the brand name of Redoxon.
Two deaths were also reported in Haiti.
In North America they make massive southward migrations starting in August until the first frost.
Bennington was born in Phoenix , Arizona.
The Italians first thought of wooden holders.
After the release of Reckless the album would chart on the British album chart and would later be certified Silver by the BPI.
The two went their separate ways in 1937 , one year before Johnson 's death.
It is powered by two AA batteries.
Ubuntu Live USB Creator is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from the Live CD or from an iso image.
Two schooners were damaged during the system.
Principal photography for the film was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days.
The foundations of this early fortress remain.
When he returns home , Jess finds that his father and mother are worried sick because they did not know where he was.
The family live in Winchester , Massachusetts.
It quickly dissipated later that same day.
She has played extensively in men 's tournaments around the world and her best form was seen in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Storms were named Lorenzo , Michelle , and Olga for the first time in 2001.
Maine Road also gives its name to a non-league football club , Maine Road F.C..
A trading post is a place or establishment where the trading of goods takes place.
Adhesive tape can be one of many varieties of backing materials coated with an adhesive.
The show 's premise was to see whether or not Nikki would perform the tasks given to her and keep her job for a day , or whether she would quit or be sacked due to her infamous tantrums.
It is often classified as a sweet bread and is sometimes combined with cinnamon sugar.
The awards were first held in 2001.
NBC then canceled Fear Factor in May.
The name may be derived from the slang expression `` a bunch of fives ''.
Schaunard , urged by Colline , quietly departs to give Mimì and Rodolfo time together.
In 2004 , Evanescence 's new lineup released a DVD/CD compilation entitled Anywhere but Home.
Bloomington is the home to Indiana University.
Paper production was a large contributor to the rise of the commune and was the main industry for a long period of time.
Tree bark is often used as a mulch and in growing media for container plants.
Sadly , many qinpu compiled before the Ming dynasty are now lost , and many pieces have remained unplayed for hundreds of years.
The companion stars may be either ordinary stars , white dwarfs or other neutron stars.
Baby furbies come in 24 different colors.
Ansermet was born in Vevey , Switzerland.
Each player can throw the dice once.
In regular play , two defencemen complement three forwards and a goaltender on the ice.
WWE has also noted that Stone Cold Steve Austin has agreed to star in three movie deals , the first being The Condemned.
The water travels through pipes from the water source through the valves to the sprinklers.
These include the carnival , held every Summer and the carols at the Market Place.
Like the rest of Greenland , Nuuk is populated today by both Inuit and Danes.
Many women begin their careers in adulthood.
He was wounded three times and awarded the Iron Cross ; First and Second Class.
In medieval Christian usage , the parlor was one of two rooms in a monastery.
Many of the earliest Syrian Americans settled in New York , Boston , and Detroit.
As the early Earth is believed to have had many smaller `` platelets '' it would provide a suitable environment for such processes.
A G-string is one variety of thong.
While walking along the beach rocks , Aras slipped and sliced open his hand and back , requiring a total of eight stitches.
This gives an axial tilt of 95.
Taylor was born at Sydney in 1872.
Nintendo World Report noticed that `` the best features of past Mario Kart games are back '' and work well with the new features in Mario Kart DS , calling the end result `` the most impressive game to ever hit the Nintendo DS and also the best game in the Mario Kart series ''.
The Hush Sound is currently on hiatus.
Many other multinational companies like Caterpillar , DuPont , Take Two Interactive , Electronic Arts , INVISTA , Procter & Gamble and Sun Microsystems have their European headquarters in the city.
Place at the top of affected articles.
The plant species are spread by birds.
The horse-drawn wagons moved too slowly for the incoming tide , and many were lost.
To scholars using these ancient texts , both mother and daughter had the same name.
The stop-and-go generator consists of two LFSRs.
Weizsäcker has served on many international commissions.
The Adjudication Panel addressed the case over two days on the 13 & 14 December 2005 and adjourned the hearing for two months.
They are light , airy and sweet.
The first challenges to the many anti-Viking images in Britain emerged in the 17th century.
He was born near Harrisburg , Pennsylvania.
It is not actually a true louse.
Over the following two days , the system executed a counter-clockwise loop near the Azores.
Darkthrone is a Norwegian black metal band.
Rashawn Ross and Tim Reynolds have also become full time touring members of the band.
The German Shepherd Dog , is a breed of large-sized dog that originated in Germany.
To date , the head remains unburied.
Its name comes from the similarity of shape to the handle of a cooking pan.
Buckles was born in Bethany , Missouri.
The building is now Grade One listed.
Like all forms of paintball , scenario paintball has a very good per-capita safety record.
It was the largest single piece of aluminium cast at the time . At that time , aluminium was as expensive as silver.
See also List of places within Luton.
In addition , taxis can refuse to take babies and children because of seating legislation.
It was named in March 2005 after Aœde , one of the three original Muses.
It lies entirely within Cumbria , and is one of England 's few mountainous regions.
She was born in Niigata , Japan.
An old man , George Bernard Shaw , was swimming naked holding onto a buoy.
He was born and died in Bologna.
This gives an axial tilt of 29.
Demand loans may be unsecured or secured.
They divorced in 1945 when Bobby was two years old , and he grew up with his mother and older sister , Joan.
They then run through a carpark and stand by the railings to see the sunrise.
The first recorded use of amaranth as a color name in English was in 1690.
Like other tribes , they were nomads.
He `` spent three years on A Time to Kill and finished it in 1987.
Everybody Loves Raymond is an American television sitcom that originally ran on CBS from September 13 , 1996 to May 16 , 2005.
The Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park lies on one side and Mount Kinabalu , which gave the city its name , is nearby.
Some settings work only on this page.
A good book focuses on a certain topic and covers it as well as possible.
His name comes from grandfathers Henry Stuart , Lord Darnley and Frederick II of Denmark.
The `` zebra crossing '' is named after the zebra 's black and white stripes.
When the layers are separated , the strips make a characteristic `` ripping '' sound.
Winds continued to increase into that afternoon , as seas increased to 18 f. One man fell overboard by 5 p.m. and drowned.
BSELP3EP2 - Endangered Species LP Part Two A. Black Sun Empire - Are You There ?
Traces of gold were discovered in 1851 and lead and silver mines also flourished briefly.
In some cases , the two recorders may be combined in a single FDR/CVR unit.
The Titan 's Curse received several literature-related awards , including : number one The New York Times children 's series best seller and Book Sense Top Ten Summer Pick for 2007.
The first recorded use of raspberry as a color name in English was in 1892.
His given name was Merwan Sheriar Irani.
The words are then emphasized with song.
On the other hand , the downfall of the provincial lady has place amidst two very diverse suitors : the most handsome man in the city and the cathedral 's priest.
The Moche culture from Northern Peru made ceramics from earth , water , and fire.
The first recorded use of salmon as a color name in English was in 1776.
Whisenhunt 's Cardinals lost the game 27-23.
For the most recent events see the.
Thunder is the sound made by lightning.
Fortunato goes with Montresor to the wine cellars of the latter 's palazzo , where they wander in the catacombs . Montresor offers De Grave , a wine , to Fortunato ; at one point , Fortunato makes an elaborate and - to the narrator 's eyes - grotesque gesture with an upraised wine bottle.
After colliding with Robinson at first base on one occasion , Greenberg whispered a few words into Robinson 's ear , which Robinson later characterized as `` words of encouragement . ''
The input must be unformatted numeric values.
The Germanic gods have left numerous traces in modern vocabulary and elements of every day western life in most Germanic language speaking countries.
Sunday is considered the first day of the week in some countries , although today many countries such as the United Kingdom regard Sunday as the seventh day , at least in the working week and the civil week.
The synchronized release date of the two operating systems reflected the merging of the workstation and server kernels back into a single code base for the first time since Windows 2000.
Please see List of people from Ontario.
The Company was founded in October 2007.
Cavalli was born at Crema , Lombardy.
He was born in Ottawa , Illinois.
Events that happened during Locke 's lifetime include the English Restoration , the Great Plague of London and the Great Fire of London.
The 2008 festival was attended by 17,500 people over two days , with 2,500 campers.
The Greens argued that the fugu fish is well known to be a dangerous delicacy requiring specialized chefs who mostly come from Asia.
Another was Lothar Meyer , who published a work in 1864 , describing 28 elements.
The metal 's Quenya name is mistarille.
They have two sonsMilo Arthur and Theodore Apollo and two daughtersLara Lettice and Cassia Peaches.
See also WikiProject Musicians/Infobox for more information.
After his death , the judgement was ultimately reversed on appeal and a new trial was ordered , but it never took place.
Klang may have taken its name from the Klang River which runs through the town.
It first came to prominence in Belgium.
The two produced buttons as well as coffee mugs , t-shirts , bumper stickers and many other items emblazoned with the symbol and the phrase `` Have a happy day ''.
As a result , most Singaporeans have at least conversational ability and basic literacy in a minimum of two languages , while many more are conversant in three or more languages , English , their assigned Mother Tongue , and the language that is used at home.
It destroyed 500 houses and many ships.
Theria is a subclass of mammals that give birth to live young without using a shelled egg , including both eutherians and metatherians.
Iron and magnesium typically give the obsidian a dark green to brown to black color.
For example , if the black pawn has just advanced two squares from g7 to g5 , then the white pawn on f5 can take it via en passant on g6.
Elk Run Heights is a city in Black Hawk County , Iowa , United States.
It was soon posted on the sci.
New York was managed by Miller Huggins.
The New Orleans Hornets is a professional basketball team based in New Orleans , Louisiana.
V. To keep their piece , pistols , and cutlass clean and fit for service.
As he sleeps his camp-fire goes out.
A lonely girl with a dream - who awakened to find that dream come true.
Its belly and soles are cream-colored , while their eyes are light blue in color.
Graham had been Reagan 's first choice.
The order Psittaciformes contains two families of parrots , the cockatoos and the true parrots.
Hercules and Iolaus are in a tavern and end up fighting some men because they don't believe that he is really Hercules.
Labor Day is a United States federal holiday observed on the first Monday in September.
The scope of a license may vary.
Locomotives built by the Yorkshire Engine Company.
She was born in Indianapolis , Indiana.
She has won three Grand Slam singles tournaments and an Olympic gold medal in singles.
During World War II , many white émigrés took part in the Russian Liberation Movement.
On New Year 's Eve 1955 , they signed a new contract which required Monroe to make four films over a seven-year period.
The adhan is required before every prayer.
He set up a republic in Florence.
In this form it is best used in stir fry noodle dishes without hot spices.
If the channel mode i is set , only channel operators may invite other clients.
East Flanders is a province of Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium.
In front of him is a fire pit , and around him are four dogs.
Official prizes often involve monetary rewards as well as the fame that comes with them.
Thorvald was born in Portland , Maine.
Root severing is considered permanent in time.
See also : St. John 's City Council
Many of these are volcanic in origin , but the best known volcano is Krakatoa.
German soldiers would call out to `` Tommy '' across no man 's land if they wished to speak to a British soldier.
The new term sometimes used is DVDP.
Since the 19th century , historians have learned much more about the early Christian community.
The name `` Sea of Cortés '' is the one preferred by most local residents.
The first storm of the season , Allison lasted unusually long for a June storm , remaining tropical or subtropical for 15 days.
Teeth may be left in the wound.
It is well known for its wines.
It took place on March 14 , 2004 at Madison Square Garden in New York.
Literacy is broken down into three parameters : prose , document , and quantitative literacy.
Vince then announced that he and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania.
He was born in Batumi , Georgia.
The longest recorded length of this species is one found on Guam measuring three meters.
Vaughan Williams and Butterworth became close friends.
Eros was one of the first asteroids to be visited by a spacecraft , and the first to be orbited and soft-landed on.
She chose to vote out Rafe , because she felt she would have a better chance in the final two against Stephenie ..
In the Classical period , symphonies in G minor almost always used four horns , two in G and two in B-flat alto.
The breeding season lasts April to May.
In the U.S. , the set includes the standard edition 's 12 tracks , with three all new tracks - the lead U.S. number-one single `` Take a Bow '' , a remix of `` If I Never See Your Face Again '' with Maroon 5 , and the U.S. number-one single `` Disturbia . ''
Père David 's Deer has a long tail , wide hooves , and branched antlers.
The local name for them is Cagafogo.
The name also suggests that they may have been descended from a family of blacksmiths.
Cameron went on to star in many films , including 1987 's Like Father Like Son , which was a box office success.
An infinite sequence of letters may be constructed from elements of an alphabet as well.
Longfellow often used allegory in his work.
Released on 24 May 2004 , it was Bloc Party 's first V2 Records EP.
Without the two full loops of the fully developed paper clip , it was difficult to insert sheets of paper into his clip.
Kitty Pryde was one of the main characters in Whedon 's run on Astonishing X-Men.
Here , many storage devices are connected to many host server devices in a network.
It was then announced that the group 's first EP , The First Mini Album Gee , would be released in January 2009.
They were married on June 28 , 1919 and lived in her mother 's home.
The city is first documented in 1246.
Being insoluble in water , they can be purified by washing away the associated starch.
He solved many problems created by Fermat.
Grieg 's later life brought him fame.
The company also hosts an annual holiday book drive to collect books for disadvantaged children.
Opeth returned home after touring in support of Blackwater Park , and began writing for the next album . At first , Åkerfeldt had trouble putting together new material : `` I wanted to write something heavier than we 'd ever done , still I had all these great mellow parts and arrangements which I didn't want to go to waste . ''
In science fiction , the Three Laws of Robotics are a set of three rules written by Isaac Asimov , which almost all positronic robots appearing in his fiction must obey.
The first recorded use of champagne as a color name in English was in 1915.
The name of the hypothesis comes from the term the continuum for the real numbers.
Work is carried out from a combined studio and workshop where concept development , detailing , prototyping and small scale fabrication take place.
The song also went # 1 on all major digital music charts within two days.
Butterworth did not write a great deal of music , and during the war he destroyed many works he did not care for.
Additionally , is simply a rendering of , without bothering with the optional first argument.
Hurtova Lhota was first documented in 1436.
He had become one of the first American celebrities and was also popular in Europe.
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work in Mogambo.
Nutritional changes may also cause bacterial filamentation.
`` We don't see ourselves as a destructive force , but we are . ''
The North Sea lies to the east.
Boohbah is a 2003 television show aimed at children between three and six years olds.
Consecutive holidays refers to holidays that occur in a group without working days in between.
For a few months in early 2006 , he coached Real Sociedad 's first team.
Tactics also play a key role , and the combination makes it attractive to many.
Another but least popular way to identify the file format is to look at the file contents for distinguishable patterns among file types.
It includes hamsters , gerbils , true mice and rats , and many other relatives.
Her sisters were also born in Rasht.
Sugden appeared in many other television series , including The Liver Birds and Coronation Street.
Cleopas is one of the two disciples to whom the risen Lord appeared at Emmaus.
Fossil records indicate that nautiluses have not evolved much during the last 500 million years.
The couple had numerous children , one of whom , Francesco , became a painter.
Hsinchu County controls one township-level city , three urban townships , and nine rural townships.
He currently lives near New York City.
`` Do not the Unbelievers see that the skies and the earth were joined together , then We clove them asunder and We created every living thing out of the water.
Juan Ruiz de Alarcón y Mendoza , one of the greatest Novohispanic dramatists of the Golden Age , was born in New Spain.
On April 6 , 2004 , Modest Mouse released their fourth album , the platinum-selling Good News for People Who Love Bad News , which scored two hits with `` Float On '' and `` Ocean Breathes Salty ''.
An important example of a secondary pollutant is ground level ozone - one of the many secondary pollutants that make up photochemical smog.
Although he admitted that he had done the adaptation because he needed the money , he had a great success with the play.
They could process more water by spinning faster and could harness much greater heads ..
It created much damage to area vessels.
The area is often referred to as the ` Vale of the White Horse '.
Lilo wants to win the May Day hula contest like her Mom did in the 1970s , but Stitch continues to have outbursts.
The two series are played in late May each year after the first and second rounds of the playoffs and before the Finals.
Every year , tourism grows in Curitiba.
Beams generally carry vertical gravitational forces but can also be used to carry horizontal loads.
If one person is penetrated by two objects , it is generically called double penetration.
The old synagogue was a former church.
The first recorded use of carmine as a color name in English was in 1523.
Most of the words are the most frequently learned , most commonly used English words.
The water hemisphere , sometimes capitalized as the Water Hemisphere , is the hemisphere on the Earth containing the largest area of water.
The Lyside Sulphur can grow from egg to adult in as little as 13 days.
Wildebeest can live more than 20 years.
Don DeLillo is an Italian-American author whose work paints a detailed portrait of American life in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.
It has black fur with a distinctive beige-coloured marking across its face and upper chest.
Death in Venice is an opera in two acts by Benjamin Britten , his last.
It is the state fish of Oklahoma.
Its name is thought to come from the original Portuguese name for this cape , `` Raso '' , or `` bare ''.
Over 6,800 Torres Strait Islanders live on the Islands and 42,000 live on the mainland.
Lord Don't Slow Me Down was released on DVD on October 29 , 2007.
It currently lies in modern-day southeastern Turkey.
Many aquatic and some terrestrial plant species use hydrochory , or seed dispersal through water.
The wings of bats are much thinner than those of birds , so bats can maneuver more quickly and more accurately than birds.
Hainaut is the westernmost province of Wallonia , one of the three regions of Belgium.
All three species are commonly observed raiding beehives of different species of honey bee for honey ; A. atropos only attacks colonies of the well-known Western honey bee , Apis mellifera.
Kuru lies 50 k north of Tampere.
Most are marine plankton , but they are common in fresh water habitats as well.
Around this time , he started writing.
The next turn then goes to the player to the left of the current player.
Finally , Odysseus ' men convinced Odysseus that it was time to leave for Ithaca.
The two valleys are Mattertal and Saastal.
Reuben Fine and Harry Golombek attributed this to Lasker 's being in mysteriously poor form.
The first recorded use of byzantium as a color name in English was in 1926.
Many word search puzzles have a theme to which all the hidden words are related.
Portals are also largely inter-accessible with users able to navigate from one portal to another.
SmackDown has also aired live on occasion.
Thompson recorded three shutouts in the five playoff games , and gave only three goals.
Gallaudet was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania.
Hailstorms normally last 3 - 15 minutes.
The medal is given annually to an outstanding work of illustration in children 's literature.
Carcoar was once one of the most important government centres in Western New South Wales.
Rusk was born in Malta , Ohio.
In 1882 , when hydraulic power was a well established technology , a company later named the London Hydraulic Power Company was formed.
Many living in the area were caught off guard when Katrina strengthened from a tropical storm to a hurricane in one day and struck southern Florida on August 25 , 2005.
Many expected Robinson to be the choice , but the party leader instead picked an unknown , new senior counsel called John Rogers.
This removes substances that may cause indigestion.
The modern name is now an Lú.
The first school was established in 1857.
There has been little practical interest in constructing one beyond the initial prototype , however.
Sylvia is remarkable for being the first asteroid known to possess more than one moon.
Eyes Open is the fourth album by British and Irish alternative rock band Snow Patrol.
The Duke then goes to Zidler , complaining that Satine is spending too much time with Christian and Zidler tells him that Satine will be there to have supper with him.
Early batches were classified D3/4 and D3/5.
Mead is an alcoholic beverage , made from honey and water via fermentation with yeast.
For further details see Haydn and Mozart.
Takes one optional parameter , the year-number.
Glinka also composed many art songs , many piano pieces , and some chamber music.
The Armenian Quarter is one of the four quarters of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Their parapodia enlarge so they can swim.
It was the first single by Beyoncé and currently the last solo single by Amil.
Kasparov changed his mind after making a losing move and then made another move instead.
Langeoog 's beach is 14 k long.
James became the number one contender for the Women 's Title on December 12 by defeating Victoria in a match to determine who would face Stratus at New Year 's Revolution.
All of the leaders go to a counsel to discuss the feud with the Britons.
Kenai struggles to protect Koda and is willing to sacrifice himself to save the cub , much as Koda 's mother had done.
Nader was born in Winsted , Connecticut.
Long then began to look for an assistant so he could spend more time with Kristal , eventually revealing Vickie Guerrero as his new assistant on May 25 , 2007 , an appointment made partly at Kristal 's request.
There is land for as many ploughs.
Millard said that he expected the new album to be punkier than the last album.
Like many Disney Channel Original Series , The Suite Life of Zack and Cody had a number of novels based on episodes of the series , as well as original books.
Spanish , as a mother tongue , is spoken by more than 333 million people.
Rice is known for his charity work.
One version of the trap runs 1.
Hérouville was the commune name until 1957.
He was born into a middle-class family.
Alpine newts typically inhabit forests with good access to water in hilly to mountainous regions.
While an actively loyal French citizen , she never lost her sense of Polish identity.
Peña is the father of three children : Nelia , Cristina , and Ryan Peña.
Rome would reveal to the young artist its ecclesiastic pomp , ritual , and majesty.
Indeed , the median is about one third on the way from mean to mode.
But Yoland 's pimp , Keyshone soon appears outside , begging for `` Yolanda '' back and asking for her hand in marriage . Butters insists that he can not allow `` Yolanda '' to work for him , claiming it would interfere with the `` true love '' Keyshone and `` Yolanda '' share.
It is rather those who live between two times , those who do not know what to follow , that suffer the most.
It is supported on many hardware platforms.
Culver was born in Washington , D.C..
It contains 14 new tracks written by Brian May , Paul Rodgers and Roger Taylor.
Also included are two wild cards that depict an infantry , cavalry , and artillery piece , as opposed to one of the three and a territory . Because these cards have all three symbols , they can match with any two other cards to form a set.
Peri and Corsi brought in the poet Ottavio Rinuccini to write a text , and the result , Dafne , though nowadays thought to be a long way from anything the Greeks would have recognized , is seen as the first work in a new form , opera.
It is a dialectical method , often involving an oppositional discussion in which the defense of one point of view is pitted against the defense of another ; one participant may lead another to contradict him or herself in some way , strengthening the inquirer 's own point.
On November 27 , 2008 , Astley participated in a live Rickroll during the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade while the Foster 's Home For Imaginary Friends characters were singing `` Best Friend '' , the theme from the 1970s TV series The Courtship of Eddie 's Father.
Something like that anyway , obviously , even if Vince had done this thing right and signed some good WCW talent we would have had a match a little different due to ... factors such as retirement or injuries or something , but still similar to that . ''
It would be incorrect not to call Lapland Finns with that name , and would be similarly incorrect to use the latter name about the Sami people . This might be troublesome for foreign visitors because of the similar lives Finns and Sami people today live in Lapland.
Central European Time , used in most European and some North African countries , is one of the names of the time zone that is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time , with a time offset of UTC +1.
Each year since 1980 , the BBC has set aside one evening of programming on its flagship television channel , BBC One , to show events aimed at raising money exclusively destined for charities working with children in the UK.
Her grandfather had run a London inn , as Keats ' father had done , and had similarly lost several members of her family to tuberculosis . She also shared her Christian name with the sister and mother of Keats.
As a result , she set a new world record total of 207.71 as well as winning her first World Figure Skating Championships title . She became the first female skater to surpass 200 points under the ISU Judging System.
The temperature reaches or exceeds 100 F on an average of 110 days during the year , including most days from late May through early September , and highs top 110 F an average of 18 days during the year.
With the release of the singles `` Give it All '' , `` Swing Life Away '' , and `` Life Less Frightening '' , Rise Against became more popular with mainstream fans , but still kept their underground sensibility.
Because `` Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire '' was considered a separate special , The Simpsons was nominated twice in the Animated Program category . This episode lost to fellow Simpsons episode `` Life on the Fast Lane ''.
This supportive care is best provided by multidisciplinary teams of health care professionals such as physicians ; pharmacists ; physical , occupational , and speech therapists ; acupuncturists ; nutritionists ; social workers ; and home care and hospice nurses.
For example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense.
It was in the name of this love that Dante gave his imprint to the `` Dolce Stil Novo '' and would lead poets and writers to discover the themes of Love , which had never been so emphasized before.
Many of the old Inca walls were at first thought to have been lost after the earthquake , but the granite retaining walls of the Qoricancha were exposed , as well as those of other ancient structures throughout the city.
A two-car set with 16 first class and 100 second class seats weighed just under 60 long tons , representing 1,150 lb a seat and had 5 hp per ton of empty weight or 4.35 hp per ton when full.
The name ` buckwheat ' or ` beech wheat ' comes from its triangular seeds , which resemble the much larger seeds of the beech nut from the beech tree , and the fact that it is used like wheat.
Two days after he was sworn in as Prime Minister , the Wall Street Crash of 1929 occurred , marking the beginning of the Great Depression and subsequent Great Depression in Australia.
It was not until 1965 at the National Invitation Pocket Billiards Championship , seven years after his last first place finish , that he would repeat as champion in a sanctioned tournament.
However , stream ciphers can be susceptible to serious security problems if used incorrectly : see stream cipher attacks - in particular , the same starting state must never be used twice.
Although Suffer was not charted in Billboard , it is considered by many to be one of the best punk albums of the 1980s , as well as its follow-up No Control.
Beck 's work with The Yardbirds and The Jeff Beck Group 's 1968 album Truth were seminal influences on heavy metal music , which emerged in full force in the early 1970s.
In some cases , the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so , while the demultiplexing still exists logically , it may never actually happen physically.
He tossed his sister 's head into the sky , where it became the moon , so that his mother would be comforted in seeing her daughter in the sky every night.
It provides a combination of personal revelation and eyewitness accounts of great events , such as the Great Plague of London , the Second Dutch War and the Great Fire of London.
They changed the band 's name to Shirley Temple 's Pussy and performed under this name for a short time , but then changed the name again due to record label pressure.
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen while most microbats eat insects ; others may feed on the blood of animals , small mammals , fish , fruit , pollen or nectar.
He has won five Olympic gold medals , the most won by any Australian , and in 2001 he became the first person to win six gold medals in one World Championship.
It was here that he spent the last three years of his life , accompanied by his friend and apprentice , Count Francesco Melzi , supported by a pension totalling 10,000 scudi.
I was so sure that I was doing exactly what I 'd been put on this earth to do , and I would have done anything to make it onto that stage.
Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate , combining chocolate with sugar . Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or condensed milk.
The first company of pioneers arrived in the area May 2 , 1900 , and began the construction of the Sidon Canal to bring water to the town from the Shoshone River.
Midgard , is one of the Nine Worlds and is an old Germanic name for our world and is the home of Humans , with the literal meaning `` middle enclosure ''.
The Monty Hall problem is a probability puzzle based on the American television game show Let 's Make a Deal . The name comes from the show 's host , Monty Hall.
Throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , Timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants.
The Prime Minister of New Zealand is New Zealand 's head of government consequent on being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the Parliament of New Zealand.
In the southern hemisphere , the name mollymawk is still well established in some areas , which is a corrupted form of malle-mugge , an old Dutch name for the Northern Fulmar.
In Mauritania alone , it is estimated that up to 600,000 men , women and children , or 20 % of the population , are enslaved with many used as bonded labor.
In Japan , miso soup and white rice make up the central dishes of the traditional Japanese breakfast , and so most Japanese people drink miso soup at least once a day.
In the game , you can play as any of the following animals : a dog , cat , duck , horse , mouse , rabbit , monkey , bear or pig.
The Ovens office , and the Kilmore office which opened the same day , were the fifth and sixth to open in the Port Phillip District and the first two inland offices.
Approximately three months after WrestleMania , Nikolai Volkoff and Iron Sheik lost the WWF Tag Team Championship back to The U.S. Express , whom they had won them from three months prior.
The area 's history begins with indigenous settlements , and the founding of the Virginia Colony in 1607 by the Virginia Company of London as the first permanent New World English colony.
Soundgarden won two Grammy Awards in 1995 ; `` Black Hole Sun '' received the award for Best Hard Rock Performance and `` Spoonman '' received the award for Best Metal Performance.
Early hand-drawn maps gave way to magnetic symbols , which in turn gave way to bluescreen computer-generated imagery technology , each of which allowed the presenter greater control over the information displayed.
Bushranging numbers flourished in New South Wales with the rise of the colonial-born sons of poor , often ex-convict squatters who were drawn to a more glamorous life than mining or farming.
Chapman was a guest actress on two episodes of Magnum , P.I. - `` The Black Orchid '' from Season one and `` The Woman on the Beach '' from Season two.
Against the fashion of the time , Buchanan stressed the importance of playing without vibrato ; he was reported to have slapped Davis 's knuckles every time he started using heavy vibrato.
The telecommunications description of deadlock is a little stronger : deadlock occurs when none of the processes meet the condition to move to another state and all the communication channels are empty.
Biotic sources would include insects which might bore into the tree , deer which might rub bark off the trunk , or fungi , which might attach themselves to the tree ..
It hit Mexico on the same day Hurricane Felix hit Nicaragua , only one of two occurrences in which an Atlantic hurricane and a Pacific hurricane made landfall on the same day.
This would have made it more reliant on favorable environmental conditions than members of the genus Homo , such as Homo habilis , which would eat a much wider variety of foods.
It is within one 's rights to license those contributions under any terms one prefers , so long as one does it in addition to also being covered under the CC-BY-SA license.
After being signed to signed to Sony Music Japan , she recorded and released her first single , `` Brand New Day '' on June 19 , 1999 to much critical acclaim.
Year 1000 of the Gregorian Calendar was the last year of the 10th century as well as the last year of the first millennium of the Christian era ending on December 31st.
One of the company 's early successes was its distribution of the 1936 anti-Cannabis propaganda film Reefer Madness , which became a cult hit on American college campuses in the early 1970s.
Pan 's Labyrinth has won numerous international awards , including three Academy Awards , the Ariel Award for Best Picture and the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form.
The guide describes and summarizes all of the key events that occur in Resident Evil Zero , Resident Evil , Resident Evil 2 , Resident Evil 3 , and Code : Veronica.
Alternatively , to get over , some heels may do such actions as grab a fan 's hat and throw it away , or grab his sign and tear it in half.
In reference to Acts 20:7 , they believe that the disciples came together on the first day of the week to break bread and to hear the preaching of the apostle Paul.
Crystal Cave is one of these , and - as its name suggests - is one of the most spectacularly beautiful , with many stalactites , stalagmites , and deep crystal-clear pools.
Like Castro , Khrushchev felt that a U.S. invasion of Cuba was imminent , and that to lose Cuba would do great harm to the communist cause , especially in Latin America.
Some species produce neurotoxins , which in such quantities kill fish and accumulate in filter feeders such as shellfish , which in turn may pass them on to people who eat them.
The swine flu in humans is most contagious during the first five days of the illness although some people , most commonly children , can remain contagious for up to ten days.
Families often celebrate Independence Day by hosting or attending a picnic or barbecue and take advantage of the day off and , in some years , long weekend to gather with relatives.
These bishops did not travel alone ; each one had permission to bring with him two priests and three deacons ; so the total number of attendees could have been above 1800.
Hideki Matsui was named Most Valuable Player of the series , the first by a Japanese born player as well as the first player to win it as a full-time designated hitter.
There are many different types of concertinas , which is why Boeremusiek has so many different unique sounds and styles , and the construction the concertina is what makes the different sounds in the Boeremusiek band ; it depends on where the slots and holes are put makes the difference on the sound that the concertina makes.
For fans who didn't catch it the fifth , tenth or twentieth time they 've run the angle , `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin and Vince McMahon are about to feud once again ... First up was Vincent McMahon labeling Austin with a steel chair as he was waiting to put a dazed RVD away ... Three minutes later , it was Shane McMahon 's turn to hurl Kurt Angle out of the ring and into a steel ring post.
Modern Hydro-electric dams can be viewed as the descendants of the water wheel as they too take advantage of the movement of water downhill.
Approximately 22 investitures are held annually in Buckingham Palace , one or two at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh and one in Cardiff.
After many successful albums she decided to release a best of album , and in September 1998 , she released The Best of Ajda . Two years later , in 2000 , Ajda released another studio album , simply called Diva and enjoyed sales of over two million copies.
The Main Ingredient is an American soul and R&B group best known for their 1972 hit song , `` Everybody Plays the Fool ''.
Although the adjudicator 's decision doesn't have the same legal weight , an adjudicator has still rendered a decision just like a judge.
It has a central park and many historic buildings , including old houses near the railway station on Sloane Street and two 19th-century cathedrals.
His best known book , Being and Time , is considered to be one of the most important philosophical works of the 20th century.
Households headed by single males are disproportionately found in the middle three quintles ; single females head households concentrated in the bottom three quintiles.
During this time Thomas began to regenerate the castle for Catherine 's use , but only one room that he had built remains today.
Melling was initially signed as a back-up hooker to Chad Randall , however the Great Britain international has made full back position his own.
He got some jobs in Asbury Park , New Jersey , playing at the Hongkong Inn , until a better player took his place.
It is the ninth game in the original Mega Man series , and the first series release since the 1997 game Mega Man 8.
The name is short for Shenjiang Xinbao , Shenjiang being a short form of Chunsheng jiang , the old name for the Huangpu River.
Of the two albatross species found in Hawaii , one , the Black-footed Albatross , takes mostly fish while the Laysan feeds on squid.
Alternatively , if you have no Internet access at home , you may using your school-issued email address , telling us your preferred username.
